# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

## Disclosure of Related Party Transactions

The Company follows the policy on Related Party Transactions in disclosing the related party transactions to the Audit Committee:

1. A statement in summary form of transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of business and on arms length basis is placed before the Audit Committee.
2. The transactions entered into with Related Parties as defined under the Act, and Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations during the financial year which were in the ordinary course of business and on an arms’ length basis placed before the Audit Committee and those related party transactions which were in the ordinary course of business but not on arms’ length basis placed before the Board.
3. There were no materially significant transactions with related parties during the financial year which were in conflict with the interest of the Company.
4. Suitable disclosure as required by the Accounting Standards (AS18) has been made in the notes to the Financial Statements.
5. Transactions with related parties, if any, which are:

- not in the normal course of business;
- not at arms’ length basis;
- exceeding the threshold limits prescribed under the Act and the Rules made thereunder or the Listing Regulations are placed before the Audit Committee, Board and Members for their approval.

The Company has formulated a policy on Related Party Transactions and the same has been displayed on the Company’s website www.ceat.com.

## Disclosure of Risk Management

The Company has laid down procedures to inform the Board members about the risk assessment and minimisation procedures. These procedures are periodically reviewed to ensure that executive management controls risks through means of a properly defined framework.

## Offer and Issue of Secured Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures

During the year under review, the Company has approved the offer, issue of Non-Convertible Debentures on private placement basis for an aggregate amount up to `500 Crores in one or more tranches. The Company allotted Secured Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures (NCDs) of `10 Lacs each for cash at par aggregating to `200 Crores on private placement basis. The said NCDs are listed on BSE Limited.

## Details of non-compliance by the Company, Penalties, Strictures imposed on the Company

The Company has complied with all the Statutory Reports requirements of the Stock Exchanges, SEBI and Statutory Authorities on all matters related to the capital markets during the last 3 (three) years. There were no penalties or strictures imposed on the Company by the Stock Exchanges or SEBI or any statutory authorities relating to the above. There were no instances of non-compliance of any matter related to the capital market during the last 3 (three) years.

## Details of compliance with mandatory requirement

Regulation 34(3) read with schedule V of the Listing Regulations mandates the Company to obtain a certificate from either the Auditors or Practicing Company Secretaries regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the said Regulation and annex the certificate so obtained with the Boards’ Report. The Company has obtained a certificate from its Statutory Auditors to this effect and the same is annexed to the Boards’ Report.