# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

9. Adoption of the non-mandatory requirements

The Free Press Journal

Navshakti

The Economic Times

Maharashtra Times

The Annual Report of the Company, the Quarterly / Half yearly Results and the Audited Financial Statements, the press releases of the Company, the Investors Presentations are also placed on the Company’s website www.ceat.com.

10. Compliance with Discretionary Requirements

a. There are no audit qualifications for the Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended March 31, 2016.

b. The Position of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Managing Director are separate.

c. Internal Auditors report to the Audit Committee directly in all the functional matters.

11. Material Subsidiary:

The Company does not have any material subsidiary whose income or net worth exceeds 20% of the consolidated income and net worth respectively of the holding company in immediately preceding accounting year. A policy on subsidiaries has been formulated by the Company and posted on website of the Company at the link http://www.ceat.com/Investors_intimation.aspx.

## MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

Quarterly Results are announced within 45 (forty-five) days from the end of the quarter and the annual audited results are announced within 60 (sixty) days from the end of the financial year as per the Listing Regulations. The aforesaid financial results are announced to Stock Exchanges within 30 (thirty) minutes from close of the Board meeting at which these were considered and approved. Quarterly Results of the Company are published in a major English Daily as well as in a Marathi Daily.

The Quarterly Results of the Company are normally published in the following newspapers:

|Month|High (₹) BSE|Low (₹) BSE|High (₹) NSE|Low (₹) NSE|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|April 2015|950.00|722.45|951.55|721.80|
|May 2015|818.95|707.00|819.75|705.10|
|June 2015|802.00|596.70|801.95|595.20|
|July 2015|918.71|651.60|917.95|651.00|
|August 2015|1,180.10|905.00|1,185.00|904.85|
|September 2015|1,299.00|1,033.55|1,299.00|1,034.00|

### GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

AGM: Date, Time and Venue

As indicated in the notice accompanying this Annual Report the Fifty-Seventh Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held on Tuesday, August 9, 2016 at 3.00 p.m. at Ravindra Natya Mandir, P. L. Deshpande Maharashtra Kala Academy, Sayani Road, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400 025.

Financial Year

The Company follows April 1 to March 31 as the financial year.

Date of Book Closure

August 2, 2016 to August 9, 2016 (both days inclusive).

Dividend Payment Date

The Board has not recommended any final dividend.

Listing on Stock Exchanges

The Equity shares of the Company are listed on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The Listing fees have been paid to both the Stock Exchanges for FY 2015-16.

Stock Code

BSE Limited - 500878

National Stock Exchange of India Limited - CEATLTD

Market Price Data for Equity shares of face value of ₹10 each