# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

## Share Transfer System

All valid requests for transfer of equity shares in physical mode received for transfer at the office of the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents or at the Registered Office of the Company are processed and returned within a period of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of receipt. The Board of Directors have delegated the power of approval of share transfers to the Company Secretary. Every effort is made to clear transmissions and split and consolidation requests within 21 (twenty-one) days.

## Distribution of Shareholding as at March 31, 2016

Dematerialisation of shares: The Company has an arrangement with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) as well as Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) for dematerialisation of shares with ISIN No. INE482A01020 for both NSDL and CDSL. 93.84% of equity share capital corresponding to 3,79,57,702 equity shares is held in dematerialised form as of March 31, 2016.

## Categories of Shareholding as of March 31, 2016

Promoter: Promoters Holdings (Indian and Foreign) - 2,05,33,742 shares (50.76%)

Public: Mutual Funds - 9,13,409 shares (2.26%)

Banks, Financial Institutions, Insurance Companies and Others - 7,34,001 shares (1.81%)

Foreign Institutional Investors - 1,35,52,962 shares (33.51%)

Non Resident Indians - 1,31,917 shares (0.33%)

Corporate Bodies, Indian Public and Others - 45,84,061 shares (11.33%)

Total: 4,04,50,092 shares (100.00%)

## Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants/Any other Convertible Instruments

The Company does not have any outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants/Any other Convertible Instruments as on March 31, 2016.

## Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging Activities

Volatility in commodity prices are managed by combining a robust price forecast mechanism with a buying model comprising of spot buying, forward buying and strategic long term contracts. Inventory levels are maintained in alignment to this. The Company manages the volatility in the foreign currency prices through hedging mechanisms. The Company is suitably insulated against the risk arising out of foreign currency fluctuations through appropriate hedging mechanisms and the same is monitored by the Board of Directors on a timely basis.