# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

Annexure 1 referred to in paragraph 1 under the heading ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ of our report of even date

1. (i) (a) The Company has maintained proper records of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of loans to directors including entities in which they are interested and in respect of loans and advances given, investments made and, guarantees, and securities given have been complied with by the Company.

(b) All fixed assets have not been physically verified by the management during the year but there is a regular programme of verification which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its assets. No material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.

(c) Based on our audit procedures performed for the purpose of reporting the true and fair view of the financial statements and according to information and explanations given by the management, the title deeds of immovable properties included in property, plant and equipment / fixed assets are held in the name of the Company.
2. (ii) The management has conducted physical verification of inventory at reasonable intervals during the year and no material discrepancies were noticed on such physical verification. Inventories lying with third parties have been confirmed by them as at year-end.
3. (iii) (a) The Company has granted loans to two subsidiaries covered in the register maintained under section 189 of the Companies Act, 2013. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the terms and conditions of the grants and loans are not prejudicial to the Company’s interest.

(b) In respect of loans granted, the repayment of the principal amount is as stipulated and payment of interest has been regular.

(c) There are no amounts of loans granted to companies, firms or other parties listed in the register maintained under section 189 of the Companies Act, 2013 which are outstanding for more than ninety days.
4. (iv) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, provisions of section 185 and