# CEAT Annual Financial Report 2016

# Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

Direct expenses incurred up to the date of capitalisation / commissioning. Any trade discounts and rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase price.

Machinery spares procured along with the plant and machinery or subsequently and whose use is expected to be irregular are capitalised separately, if cost of such spares is known and depreciated fully over the residual useful life of the related plant and machinery. If the cost of such spares is not known particularly when procured along with the mother plant, these are capitalised and depreciated along with the mother plant. The written down value (WDV) of the spares is charged as revenue expenditure in the year in which such spares are consumed. Similarly, the value of such spares, procured and consumed in a particular year is charged as revenue expenditure in that year itself.

Subsequent expenditure related to an item of fixed asset is added to its book value only if it increases the future benefits from the existing asset beyond its previously assessed standards of performance.

All other expenses on existing fixed assets, including day-to-day repair and maintenance expenditure, are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss for the period during which such expenses are incurred.

Replacement of any part of plant and machinery, which are of capital nature, are capitalised along with the main plant and machinery and cost of the replaced part is written off. In case the cost of replaced part is not identifiable, the equal value of replacement is deducted from the existing gross block of that asset.

Gains and losses arising from disposal/derecognition of fixed assets which are carried at cost are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Tangible assets not ready for the intended use on the date of balance sheet are disclosed as “Capital work-in-progress”.

In case of revaluation of fixed assets, any revaluation surplus is credited to the revaluation reserve, except to the extent that it reverses a revaluation decrease of the same asset previously recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss, in which case the increase is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. A revaluation deficit is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss, except to the extent that it offsets an existing surplus on the same asset recognized in the asset revaluation reserve.

## Intangible Assets

Intangible Assets are stated at cost of acquisition or construction, less accumulated amortization and impairment, if any.

## Borrowing Cost

Borrowing cost includes interest, fees and amortization of other ancillary costs incurred in connection with the arrangement of borrowings. Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of or construction of qualifying assets are capitalized as part of the cost of such assets. A qualifying asset is one that necessarily takes substantial period of time to get ready for intended use. All other borrowing costs are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

## Depreciation

### Tangible Assets

Leasehold land – amortized on a straight line basis over the period of the lease ranging from 95 years – 99 years.

Depreciation on fixed assets is calculated on a straight line basis using the rates arrived at based on the useful lives estimated by the management.

The Company has used the following rates to provide depreciation on its fixed assets. The identified components are depreciated.