# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

May be impaired. If any such indication exists, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash-generating unit’s (CGU) net selling price and its value in use. The recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. If such recoverable amount of the asset or the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs is less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount. The reduction is treated as an impairment loss and is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. After impairment, depreciation is provided on the revised carrying amount of the asset over its remaining useful life.

The Company bases its impairment calculations of detailed budgets and forecast calculations which are prepared separately for each of the Company’s cash-generating units to which the individual assets are allocated. These budgets and forecast calculations are generally covering a period of 5 years. For a longer period, a long-term growth rate is calculated and applied to project future cash flows after the 5th year.

Impairment losses for continuing operations, including impairment on inventories, are recognized on the Statement of Profit and Loss, except for the previously revalued tangible fixed asset, where the revaluation was taken to revaluation reserve. In this case, the impairment is recognized in revaluation reserve up to the amount of any previous revaluation.

## Investments

Investments, which are readily realizable and intended to be held for not more than one year from the date on which such investments are made, are classified as current investments. All other investments are classified as long-term investments. On initial recognition, all investments are measured at cost. The cost comprises purchase price and directly attributable acquisition charges such as brokerage, fees, and duties. If an investment is acquired, or partly acquired, by the issue of shares or other securities, the acquisition cost is the fair value of the securities issued.

## Inventories

Raw materials, components, stores, and spares are valued at lower of cost and net realizable value. However, materials and other items held for use in the production of inventories are not written down below cost if the finished products in which they will be incorporated are expected to be sold at or above cost. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis.

Work-in-progress and finished goods are valued at lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost includes direct materials and labor and a proportion of manufacturing overheads based on normal operating capacity. Cost of finished goods includes excise duty. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis.

Stock-in-trade is valued at lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost includes the cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing.