# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

## Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

The inventories to their present location and condition. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis.

Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

### Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and revenue can be reliably measured. The following specific recognition criteria must also be met before revenue is recognized:

1. Sale of Goods: Revenue from sale of goods is recognised when the significant risks and rewards of ownership are passed on to the customer. Sales taxes and Value Added Taxes (VAT) are excluded from revenue.
2. Interest: Interest income is recognized on a time proportion basis taking into account the amount outstanding and the applicable interest rate.
3. Dividends: Dividend income is recognized when the Company’s right to receive dividend is established by the reporting date.
4. Royalty and technology development fees: Royalty and technology development fees income are accounted for as per the terms of the contract.

### Government grants and export incentives

Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply with the conditions attached to them and the grants will be received. Export incentives such as focus market scheme, focus products scheme, and special focus market scheme, etc., are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss as a part of other operating revenues.

#### Foreign currency translation

Foreign currency transactions and balances:

1. Initial recognition: Foreign currency transactions are recorded in the reporting currency by applying the exchange rate between the reporting currency and the foreign currency at the date of the transaction.
2. Conversion: Foreign currency monetary items are retranslated using the exchange rate prevailing on the reporting date.
3. Exchange differences: All exchange gains and losses arising out of translation/restatement are accounted for in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

#### Forward exchange contracts

Forward exchange contracts entered into to hedge foreign currency exposure as at Balance Sheet date. The premium or discount arising at the inception of forward exchange contracts is amortized and recognized as income or expense over the life of the contract.

#### Leases

Where the Company is lessee:

- Finance leases: Finance leases, which effectively transfer to the Company substantially all the risks and benefits incidental to ownership of the leased item, are capitalized at the inception of the lease term at the lower of the fair value of the leased property and present value of minimum lease payments.