# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

A leased asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis for example, a reduction in future payment or a cash refund. If there is no reasonable certainty that the Company will obtain the ownership by the end of the lease term, the capitalized asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset or lease term, whichever is earlier. Leases, where the lessor effectively retains substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership of the leased item, are classified as operating leases. Operating lease payments are recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Corporate Overview

The Company provides for retirement benefits in the form of gratuity. The Company’s liability towards these benefits is determined on the basis of actuarial valuation using Projected Unit Credit Method at the date of balance sheet. Actuarial gains/losses are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they occur.

### Compensated absences

Accumulated leave, which is expected to be utilized within the next 12 months, is treated as short-term employee benefit and shown under short-term provision in the Balance Sheet. The Company measures the expected cost of such absences as the additional amount that it expects to pay as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the reporting date. The Company treats accumulated leave expected to be carried forward beyond twelve months as long-term employee benefit for measurement purposes and this is shown under long-term provisions in the Balance Sheet.

## Strategic Review

Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development expenditure incurred on individual projects is recognized as an intangible asset when the Company can demonstrate technical feasibility, intention to complete the asset, ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits, availability of adequate resources, and ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during development.

### Employee benefits

Retirement benefits in the form of provident fund, Superannuation, Employees State Insurance Contribution, and Labour Welfare Fund are defined contribution schemes. The Company recognizes contribution payable to these funds/schemes as expenditure when an employee renders the related service. If the contribution payable exceeds the contribution already paid, the deficit payable to the funds/schemes is recognized as a liability after deducting the contribution already paid.

## Statutory Reports

The Company presents the leave as a current liability in the balance sheet, to the extent it does not have an unconditional right to defer its settlement for 12 months after the reporting date. Where the Company has the unconditional legal and contractual right to defer the settlement for a period beyond 12 months, the same is presented as a non-current liability.

### Termination benefits

The Company recognizes termination benefits as a liability and an expense when the Company has a present obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.