# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

## Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

Present value of the future cash flows using the discount rate determined by reference to market yields at the Balance Sheet date on Government bonds.

### Taxes on Income

Current tax: Current Tax is determined as the amount of tax payable on taxable income for the year as per the provisions of Income Tax Act, 1961.

Minimum alternate tax (MAT) paid in a year is charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss as current tax. The Company recognizes MAT credit available as an asset only to the extent that there is convincing evidence that the Company will pay normal income tax during the specified period.

For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.

### Provisions and Contingent Liabilities

A provision is recognized when the Company has a present obligation as a result of past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the Company.

### Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash comprises cash in hand and demand deposit with banks. Cash and cash equivalents for the purposes of cash flow statement comprise cash at bank and cash in hand and short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less.

### Derivative Instruments and Hedge Accounting

The Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency risk arising from future transactions in respect of which firm commitments are made or which are highly probable forecast transactions.