# CEAT Annual Financial Report 2016

# Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

The Company also uses cross currency interest rate swaps (CCIRS) to hedge interest rate risk arising from variable rate loans and cross currency interest rate swaps to hedge both foreign currency loan and interest risk arising from foreign exchange fluctuations and variable rate loans. The Company designates these forward contracts and interest rate swaps in a hedging relationship by applying the hedge accounting principles of AS-30 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement”.

For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:

1. Fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or an unrecognized firm commitment.
2. Cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction or the foreign currency risk in an unrecognized firm commitment.

At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which the Company wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the Company will assess the effectiveness of changes in the hedging instrument’s fair value in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk.

## Corporate Overview

The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognized directly under shareholders fund in the hedging reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss. The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts as hedges of its exposure to foreign currency risk in forecasted transactions and firm commitments. The ineffective portion relating to foreign currency contracts is recognized immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Amounts recognized in the hedging reserve are transferred to the Statement of Profit and Loss when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss, such as when the hedged income or expense is recognized or when a forecast sale occurs. If the forecast transaction or firm commitment is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in the hedging reserve is transferred to the Statement of Profit and Loss. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised without replacement or rollover, or if its designation as a hedge is revoked, any cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in the hedging reserve remains in the hedging reserve until the forecast transaction or firm commitment affects profit or loss.

## Strategic Review

If the forecast transaction or firm commitment is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in the hedging reserve is transferred to the Statement of Profit and Loss. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised without replacement or rollover, or if its designation as a hedge is revoked, any cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in the hedging reserve remains in the hedging reserve until the forecast transaction or firm commitment affects profit or loss.

## Other derivatives

Derivative financial instruments which are not designated as cash flow hedge have been measured at fair value as per AS-30 and the loss / (gain) on the same is charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss.

## Statutory Reports

The estimated liability for warranty is recorded when products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information on the nature, frequency and average cost of obligations and management estimates regarding possible future incidence based on corrective actions on product failure. The timing of outflows will vary as and when the obligation will arise, being typically up to three years.

## Financial Statements

The Company’s operations comprise of only one business segment “Automotive Tyres, Tubes & Flaps” as its primary segment. The analysis of geographical segments is based on the areas in which the Company operates. The accounting policies adopted for segment reporting are in conformity with the accounting policies of the Company.