# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

Enhancing Mobility With Safer & Smarter Products

Pioneered by our focused and extensive R&D efforts, our differentiated products are designed to meet the evolving consumer preference. The year under review witnessed the launch of a series of new products, equipped with features suited for a variety of driving conditions.

## Making Inroads in the Passenger Segment in Europe

We are continuously striving to expand our growth frontiers across borders, and our Europe range of passenger car radial tyres underlines our efforts. Launched in Italy in January 2016, this tyre range currently encompasses two new patterns – CEAT EcoDrive & CEAT SecuraDrive. While the EcoDrive is ideal for low rolling resistance tyres needed for city driving, SecuraDrive has been developed for high wet grip tyres for safer highway driving. The range is set to be expanded with more patterns during FY 2016-17.

## Be Fuelsmart

CEAT’s first low rolling resistance pattern for hatch-backs and entry-level sedans which saves up to 7% of fuel as compared to normal tyres.

## Sporting a New Look with CZAR Sport

First foray into an asymmetric pattern, with better wet grip and aquaplaning, for compact SUVs.

## Treading Forward with Milaze

Special tyre developed for Toyota Innova with the promise of longer life. It lasts up to 1,00,000 kms making it the champion in tyre mileage.

## Go Carefree with Milaze Tubeless

New age scooter tyres with longer life and higher load-carrying capacity, for low downtime.

## Gripped by Pro Gripp

High-performance scooter tyre for superior grip and enhanced stability, specially designed for off-road conditions to endure extreme on-road conditions.