# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

## Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

### Note 5 - Long-term borrowings (continued)

Term loan from Bank of India of ` Nil (Previous year ` 10,000.00 Lacs) was pre-paid in full including interest thereon on July 31, 2015.

### Term loan from ICICI Bank Limited

Term loan from ICICI Bank Limited of ` Nil (Previous year ` 7,000.00 Lacs) was pre-paid in full including interest thereon on August 4, 2015.

Term loan from ICICI Bank Limited of ` Nil (Previous year ` 3,375.00 Lacs) was pre-paid in full including interest thereon on July 11, 2015.

Term loan from ICICI Bank Limited of ` Nil (Previous year ` 1,166.67 Lacs) was repaid in full including interest thereon on August 10, 2015.

### Term loan from Bank of India

Term loan from Bank of India of ` Nil (Previous year ` 2,913.58 Lacs) was pre-paid in full including interest thereon on July 31, 2015.

### Term loan from IDBI Bank Limited

Term loan from IDBI Bank Limited of ` Nil (Previous year ` 753.38 Lacs) was pre-paid in full including interest thereon on August 31, 2015.

### Term loan from Bank of Baroda

Term loan from Bank of Baroda of ` Nil (Previous year ` 1,750.00 Lacs) was repaid in full including interest thereon on August 31, 2015.

### Term loan in Indian rupee & in foreign currency from Export Import Bank of India

Rupee loan carries interest at 10.45% p.a. as on March 31, 2016 and was repayable in 20 equal quarterly installments starting from November 1, 2011.

Foreign currency loan carries interest at 6 months LIBOR plus 275 bps p.a. as on March 31, 2016 and was repayable in 20 equal quarterly installments starting from November 1, 2011.

### ECB loan from ICICI Bank Ltd.

ECB loan from ICICI Bank Ltd. of ` Nil (Previous year ` 1,953.12 Lacs) was pre-paid in full including interest thereon on September 30, 2015.

### Long-term buyer’s credit (for Halol expansion project)

Long-term buyer’s credit is secured and carries interest in the range of 12 months LIBOR plus 20 bps to 12 months LIBOR plus 122 bps and 6 months LIBOR plus 94 bps to 6 months LIBOR plus 165 bps and 12 months EURIBOR plus 54 bps to 12 months EURIBOR plus 150 bps.

### Long-term buyer’s credit (for Nagpur project)

Long-term buyer’s credit is secured and carries interest in the range of 12 months LIBOR plus 95 bps to 12 months LIBOR plus 113 bps and 6 months LIBOR plus 105 bps to 6 months LIBOR plus 175 bps.

### Unsecured long-term borrowings

Public deposits included under the long-term borrowings are repayable after 2 or 3 years from the date of acceptance of public deposit. Long-term public deposits carry interest in the range of 9.50% p.a. to 10.75% p.a.

### Interest-free deferred sales-tax

Interest-free deferred sales-tax is repayable in ten equal annual installments commencing from April 26, 2011 and ending on April 30, 2025.