# CEAT Annual Financial Report 2016

# Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

## Note 11 - Fixed Assets (continued)

1. Building includes ` 0.10 Lacs (Previous year ` 0.10 Lacs) being value of unquoted fully-paid shares held in various co-operative housing societies.

2. During the year, the Company has sold the following assets that were held for sale in the previous year:

- a) Leasehold land at Additional Ambernath Industrial Area, Ambernath having book value of ` 3,543.63 Lacs.
- b) Freehold land at Gujarat having book value of ` 0.60 Lacs.

3. During the year, the Company has transferred the following expenses which are attributable to the construction activity and are included in the cost of capital work-in-progress (CWIP) / Fixed assets as the case may be. Consequently, expenses disclosed under the respective notes are net of such amounts.

|Particulars|Note No.|2015-16|2014-15|
|---|---|---|---|
|Finance cost|24|1,447.08|145.73|
|Professional and consultancy charges|26|933.60|3.16|
|Miscellaneous expenses|26|2,035.54|84.03|
|Employee benefit expenses|23|1,563.18|545.55|
|Travelling & conveyance|26|389.80|36.56|

4. In the previous year, pursuant to the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), the management, based on external technical evaluation has reassessed the useful life of fixed assets. In accordance with the Act, the carrying value of the fixed assets as at April 1, 2014 is depreciated over the revised residual life of the fixed assets and where the revised residual life of the fixed assets is nil as at that date, the carrying value of the fixed assets, after retaining the residual value, was adjusted to the General Reserve. Consequently in the previous year, the General Reserve was reduced by ` 2,161.65 Lacs (net of deferred tax ` 87.87 Lacs).

5. Pursuant to the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), the management, based on internal technical evaluation has assessed the major components and useful life of fixed assets. In accordance with the Act, the carrying value of the components of fixed assets as at April 1, 2015 is depreciated over the balance residual life of the fixed assets and where the balance residual life of the fixed assets is nil as at that date, the carrying value of the components of fixed assets, after retaining the residual value, has been adjusted to the General Reserve. Consequently, the General Reserve has been reduced by ` 560.04 Lacs (net of deferred tax ` 274.36 Lacs).

6. The Company has acquired a leasehold land at Butibori Industrial Area, Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation, Nagpur admeasuring 2,40,000 Sq. Mts. @ ` 1,150/- per sq. ft. amounting to ` 2,760.00 Lacs for a lease term of ninety five (95) years. The Lease agreement for the same was registered on March 24, 2015.

7. In an earlier year, the Company has acquired global rights of “CEAT” brand from the Italian tyre maker, Pirelli. Prior to the said acquisition, the Company was the owner of the brand in only a few Asian countries including India. With the acquisition of the brand which is renowned worldwide, new and hitherto unexplored markets are accessible to the Company. The Company will be in a position to fully exploit the export market resulting in increased volume and price realization. Therefore, the management believes that the Brand will yield significant benefits for a period of at least twenty years.

8. The Company has acquired technical know-how and assistance from International Tire Engineering Resources LLC, for setting up for Halol radial plant. Considering the life of the underlying plant / facility, this technical know-how, is amortized on a straight line basis over a period of twenty years.

9. As a part of ongoing expansion project at Halol, during the year the Company has capitalized and commissioned assets of ` 44,768.09 Lacs. This has resulted in additions of 39 MT per day in the installed capacity. Full expansion project of 120 MT per day is however expected to be commissioned, in phase, by end of FY 2016-17.

10. During the year, the Company has commissioned, its Greenfield Unit, situated at Butibori, near Nagpur, Maharashtra, with effect from March 28, 2016. Accordingly, the Company has capitalized the assets amounting to ` 9,375.40 Lacs. This has resulted in additions of 15 MT per day in the installed capacity. Full expansion project of 120 MT per day is expected to be commissioned, in phases, by end of FY 2017-18.

11. Gross book value includes ` 68,184.11 Lacs (Previous year ` 69,177.84 Lacs) on account of revaluation of Land, Building and Plant and machinery in 2007 based on the report issued by independent valuer.