# CEAT Annual Financial Report 2016

# Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

## Note 18 - Cash and bank balances

(` in Lacs) Corporate Overview

| |Non-current As at 31.03.2016|As at 31.03.2015|Current As at 31.03.2016|As at 31.03.2015|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Cash and cash equivalents|-|-|1,137.72|4,433.41|
|Balances with Banks| | | | |
|On current accounts (Refer foot note (a))|-|-|1,137.72|4,433.41|
|On unpaid dividend account (Refer foot note (b))|-|-|215.79|109.53|
|Unclaimed public fixed deposits and interest thereon (Refer foot note (c))|-|-|308.04|454.11|
|Cash on hand|-|-|3.99|12.35|
|Other bank balances|-|-|1,665.54|5,009.40|
|Deposits with remaining maturity of more than 3 months but less than 12 months (Refer foot note (d))|-|-|750.20|1,208.20|
|Margin money deposits (Refer foot note (e))|232.58|232.58|-|-|

Amount disclosed under non-current assets (Refer note 15): (232.58) (232.58) - -

Total: - - 2,415.74 6,217.60

Notes:

a) Includes ` Nil (Previous year ` 4.53 Lacs) outstanding for a period exceeding seven years. This amount is no longer payable as the Company has adjusted this amount towards call-in arrears of partly paid-up equity shares of the Company held by the shareholders, pursuant to a resolution passed by the Board of Directors.

b) These balances are available for use only towards settlement of corresponding unpaid dividend liabilities.

c) These balances are available for use only towards settlement of matured deposits and interest on deposits. Also includes ` 0.20 Lacs (Previous year ` 0.20 Lacs) outstanding for a period exceeding seven years, in respect of which a Government agency has directed to the Company to hold and not transfer / repay.

d) Deposit to the extent of ` 750.20 Lacs (Previous year ` 637.41 Lacs) is created for the purpose of deposit repayment reserve account and cannot be used for any other purpose.

e) The margin deposits are for bank guarantees given to statutory authorities for periods ranging between 3-5 years.

## Note 19 - Revenue from operations (` in Lacs)

2015-16 2014-15

| |Revenue from operations|
|---|---|
|Sale of products (Refer foot note (a))|6,12,103.20 6,08,374.63|
|Other operating revenues| |
|Royalty income|553.12 442.71|
|Sale of scrap|1,675.58 1,604.51|
|Government grants # (Refer note 28 (c))|1,084.36 1,992.87|
|Others|235.28 877.11|

Total revenue from operations (gross): 6,15,651.54 6,13,291.83

# The Company has recognised a government grant of ` 223.47 Lacs (Previous year ` 1,041.70 Lacs) as refund of octroi duty under the package scheme of incentive received from Directorate of Industries, Government of Maharashtra for Nashik plant (Refer note 28(c)).

# The Company has also recognised a government grant of ` 860.89 Lacs (Previous year ` 951.17 Lacs) as income on account of Export Incentive under Merchandise Exports from India Scheme (MEIS) from Directorate General of Foreign Trade, Government of India.