# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

## Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

28. Contingent liabilities and commitments (to the extent not provided for):

a. Contingent Liabilities:

|Particulars|31.03.2016 As at|31.03.2015 As at|
|---|---|---|
|Income tax|6,321.78|8,492.54|
|Wealth tax|6.73|6.73|
|Excise duty / Service tax|8,168.21|8,846.44|
|Sales tax|5,310.67|4,554.66|

2. Bills discounted with banks: 8,723.33 (31.03.2016 As at) | 8,698.31 (31.03.2015 As at)

3. Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts:

|Particulars|31.03.2016 As at|31.03.2015 As at|
|---|---|---|
|In respect of labour matters|612.20|353.43|
|Rental disputes|180.00|180.00|
|Customer disputes|502.08|446.00|
|Vendor disputes|293.83|293.83|
|Other claims|150.65|199.85|

*in respect of above matters, future cash outflows are determinable only on receipt of judgements pending at various forums / authorities. The amount of expected reimbursement to the Company is not ascertainable as on the balance sheet date.

b. Commitments:

|Particulars|31.03.2016|31.03.2015|
|---|---|---|
|Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on Capital account and not provided for (net of advance payments)|24,620.99|23,100.43|

c. Others: The Company has availed the sales-tax deferral loan and octroi refund from the Directorate of Industries for Nashik plant. Hence, the Company has to take prior permission of the appropriate authority for removal / transfer of any asset (falling under the above schemes) from Nashik plant. In case of violation of terms & conditions, the Company is required to refund the entire loan / benefit along with the interest @ 22.50% on account of sales-tax deferral loan and @ 15% on account of octroi refund. (Refer note 19(2)(c)).

d. Demands and disputes considered as “Remote” by the Company:

1. The Company has been served with a Show Cause cum Demand Notice from the DGCEI (Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence) Mumbai, on the ground that, the activity of making tyre set, i.e. inserting Tubes and Flaps inside the Tyres and tied up through Polypropylene Straps, amounts to manufacture / pre-packaged commodity under Section 2(f)(iii) of Central Excise Act, read with Section 2(l) of the Legal Metrology Act, 2009. Accordingly, the authorities worked out the differential duty amounting to ₹8,417.79 Lacs i.e., the amount of duty already paid on the basis of transaction value and duty payable on the basis of MRP under Section 4A, for the period from April-2011 to March-2015. The Company believes that Set of TT / TTF(Tyre Tube / Tyre Tube and Flap) is not pre-packaged commodity in terms of provisions of Legal Metrology Act, 2009. The Company has a strong case on the ground that, the said issue has been clarified by the Controller of the Legal Metrology Department vide its letter dated May 1, 1991 that “Tyre with tube & flaps tied with three thin polythene strips may not be treated as a pre-packed commodity within the meaning of rule 2(l) of the Standards of Weights and Measures (Packaged Commodities), Rules, 1977”. The above clarification has been re-affirmed vide letter dated November 16, 1992 by the Legal Metrology authorities.