# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

38. Research and development expenditure: (₹ in Lacs)

|Particulars|2015-16|2014-15|
|---|---|---|
|Capital expenditure|116.14|69.33|
|Revenue expenditure|5,106.78|2,085.31|
|Total|5,222.92|2,154.64|

The above expenditure of research and development has been determined on the basis of information available with the Company and as certified by the management.

39. Operating lease

The Company has entered into a lease agreement with the leasing company for vehicles, resulting in a non-cancellable operating lease as defined in AS-19 “Accounting for Leases”.

Lease rental on the said lease of ₹ 106.41 Lacs (Previous year ₹ 128.68 Lacs) has been charged to Statement of Profit and Loss. (₹ in Lacs)

|Future minimum lease payments|2015-16|2014-15|
|---|---|---|
|For a period not later than one year|83.38|88.53|
|For a period later than one year but not later than five years|123.86|81.13|
|For a period later than five years|-|-|

There is no restriction placed upon the Company by entering into these leases. The lease term range from one year to five years and are renewable at the option of the Company.

40. Post-retirement benefits plan

a) Defined contribution plan

The Company has recognised and included in Note no. 23 “Contribution to provident and other funds” expenses towards the defined contribution plan as under: (₹ in Lacs)

|Particulars|2015-16|2014-15|
|---|---|---|
|Contribution to provident fund (government)|1,468.79|1,354.18|

b) Defined benefit plan - gratuity

The Company operates a defined plan of Gratuity for its employees under the Gratuity plan, every employee who has completed five years of service gets a gratuity on separation @ 15 days of last drawn salary for each completed year of service. The Scheme is funded with an Insurance company in the form of qualifying Insurance policy.

i) Change in present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows: (₹ in Lacs)

|Sr. No.|Particulars|As at 31.03.2016 (Gratuity Funded)|As at 31.03.2015 (Gratuity Funded)|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Opening present value of Defined Benefit obligation|8,165.95|6,047.19|
|2.|Current Service Cost|463.96|350.04|
|3.|Interest Cost|626.40|516.84|
|4.|Benefits paid|(700.72)|(652.12)|
|5.|Actuarial (Gain) / Loss on obligation|(164.57)|1,904.00|
|6.|Closing present value of obligation|8,391.02|8,165.95|