# CEAT Annual Financial Report 2016

# CEAT Annual Financial Report 2016

## Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

Segment reporting:

The Company’s operations comprise of only one business segment – Automotive Tyres, Tubes & Flaps as its primary segment in the context of reporting business / geographical segment as required under mandatory accounting standards AS-17 “Segment Reporting“. The accounting policies adopted for segment reporting are in line with the accounting policies of the Company.

The geographical Segments considered for disclosure are India and outside India. All the manufacturing facilities are located in India. Revenue and receivables are disclosed by location of customers, while the other geographical information is disclosed by location of assets.

### Secondary segment – Geographical segment

|Particulars|2015-16|2014-15|
|---|---|---|
|Revenue by geographical market|India|4,76,606.40|4,56,497.40|
| |Outside India|74,450.81|98,342.48|
| |Total|5,51,057.21|5,54,839.88|

Carrying amount of segment assets

|Particulars|2015-16|2014-15|
|---|---|---|
|India|3,72,797.33|3,38,626.11|
|Outside India|22,977.12|24,996.35|
|Total|3,95,774.45|3,63,622.46|

Additions to fixed assets and intangible assets

|Particulars|2015-16|2014-15|
|---|---|---|
|India|64,655.80|12,051.25|
|Outside India|-|-|
|Total|64,657.80|12,051.25|

* Segment revenue includes “Total revenue” less “Interest income and Dividend income” included in “Other income”.

### Earnings per share (EPS)

|Particulars|2015-16|2014-15|
|---|---|---|
|Net Profit for calculation of basic and diluted EPS|45,252.27|29,897.39|
|Weighted average number of equity shares (face value per share ` 10) in calculating basic EPS and diluted EPS|4,04,50,092|3,74,82,569|
|Basic EPS|` 111.87|` 79.76|
|Diluted EPS|` 111.87|` 79.76|

### Other Information

a) In the previous year, the Company had acquired 100% stake in CEAT Specialty Tyres Limited (previously known as CEAT Specialty Tyres Private Limited) by purchasing 10,000 shares of ` 10 each at face value. Subsequently the Company purchased additional 40,000 shares. During the current year, the Company purchased additional 1,00,00,000 shares ` 10 each at a premium of ` 90 per equity share aggregating to ` 10,000.00 Lacs. The subsidiary will focus exclusively on ‘off-the-road’ and speciality tyres, for sales in India and abroad.

b) In the previous year, the Company allotted 44,94,382 equity shares of ` 10 each at a premium of ` 880 per equity share aggregating to ` 39,999.99 Lacs pursuant to shares issued under a Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP). Out of the total proceeds, the Company incurred ` 655.93 Lacs (net of tax) towards issue expenses.

c) In August 2015, the Company acquired 3,50,000 12.5% redeemable cumulative preference shares of ` 100 each at par, aggregating to ` 350.00 Lacs of Rado Tyres Limited, a subsidiary company.