# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

1. Corporate Information

CEAT Limited is a public Company domiciled in India and incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. The Company’s principal business is manufacturing of automotive tyres, tubes and flaps. The Company started operations in 1958 as CEAT Tyres of India Limited and was renamed as CEAT Limited in 1990. The Company caters to both domestic and international markets.

2. Basis of Consolidation and Significant Accounting Policies

A) Basis of Accounting and preparation of financial statements

The Consolidated financial statements have been prepared and presented under the historical cost convention and on the accrual basis of accounting, unless stated otherwise and comply with the mandatory Accounting Standards (‘AS’) notified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with paragraph 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and other accounting principles generally accepted in India. The financial statements have been prepared on an accrual basis and under the historical cost convention except for land, building and plant and equipments acquired before 2007 which are carried at revalued amounts and derivative financial instruments which have been measured at fair value.

The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of financial statements are consistent with those of the previous year, except for the change in accounting policy explained below.

Component Accounting

The group has adopted component accounting as required under schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013 from April 1, 2015. The group was previously not identifying components of fixed assets separately for depreciation purpose; rather a single useful life / depreciation rate was used to depreciate each item of fixed asset.

Due to application of schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013, the group has changed the manner of depreciation for its fixed assets. Now, the group identifies and determines cost of each component / part of the asset separately, if the component / part has a cost which is significant to the total cost to the asset and having useful life that is materially different from that of the remaining assets. These components are depreciated over their useful lives; the remaining asset is depreciated over the life of the principal asset. The group has used the transitional provision of schedule II to adjust the impact of component accounting arising on its first application.

If a component has zero remaining useful life on the date of component accounting becoming effecting i.e. April 1, 2015, its carrying amount after retaining any residual value is charged to the general reserve. The carrying amount of other components i.e. components whose remaining useful life is not nil as on April 1, 2015, is depreciated over their remaining useful lives.

Had the Company continued to use the earlier policy of depreciating fixed assets, its financial statements for the period would have been impacted as below:

- Depreciation for the current period would have been lower by `523.16 Lacs. Profit for the current period would have been higher by `377.48 Lacs (net of tax impact of `145.68 Lacs). Fixed assets would correspondingly have been higher by `523.16 Lacs.
- On the date of component accounting becoming applicable, i.e. April 1, 2015, the amount of `586.72 Lacs (net of deferred tax `274.52 Lacs) has been directly adjusted against retained earnings on account of depreciable value as on April 1, 2015 for the components having zero remaining useful life.

The consolidated financial statements are prepared using uniform accounting policy for all like transaction and event under similar circumstances. The consolidated financial statements relate to CEAT Limited (the Company) and its subsidiary companies (referred to as “the Group”).

ii) Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with Indian GAAP requires the management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities and the disclosures of contingent liabilities, at the end of the reporting period. Although these estimates are based on the management’s best knowledge of current events and actions, uncertainty about these assumption and estimates could result in the outcomes requiring a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities in future periods.

iii) Principles of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the following basis: