# CEAT Annual Financial Report 2016

# Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2016

## Corporate Overview

The financial statements of the subsidiary companies used in the consolidation are drawn up to the same reporting date as of the Company i.e. year ended March 31, 2016.

The financial statements of the Company and its subsidiary companies have been combined on a line-by-line basis by adding together like items of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The intra-group balances and intra-group transactions and unrealised profits have been fully eliminated.

The financial statements of the joint venture companies have been combined by using proportionate consolidation method in accordance with Accounting Standard 27 – “Financial reporting of interests in joint ventures” and accordingly, venture’s share of each of the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of jointly controlled entity is reported as separate line items in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

### Goodwill and Capital Reserve

The excess of cost to the Company of its investments in the subsidiary companies over its share of equity of the subsidiary companies, at the dates on which the investments in the subsidiary are made, is recognised as ‘Goodwill’ being an asset in the consolidated financial statements. Goodwill arising out of consolidation is not amortized. However, the same is tested for impairment at each Balance Sheet date. Alternatively, where the share of equity in the subsidiary companies as on the date of investment is in excess of cost of investment of the Company, it is recognised as ‘Capital Reserve’ and shown under the head ‘Reserves and Surplus’, in the consolidated financial statements.

### Minority Interest

Minority Interest in the net assets of Subsidiaries consists of:

- The amount of equity attributable to the minorities at the date on which investment in Subsidiary is made.
- The minorities’ share of movements in equity since the date the parent-subsidiary relationship came into existence.

### Foreign Subsidiary

Revenue items have been consolidated at the average rate of foreign exchange prevailing during the year, where such rates approximate the exchange rate at the date of transaction. The assets are translated at the closing rate. Exchange differences arising on monetary and non-monetary items that in substance forms part of the Company’s net investments in non-integral foreign operation are accumulated in the Foreign Currency Translation Reserve (FCTR) and shown under the head Reserve and Surplus.

## Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures

#### Direct Subsidiaries:

|Name of the subsidiary|Country of incorporation|2015-16 % of holding|2014-15 % of holding|Strategic Review|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|CEAT Holdings Co. (Pvt.) Limited (ACHL)|Sri Lanka|100%|100%| |
|CEAT AKKHAN Limited|Bangladesh|70%|70%| |
|RADO Tyres Limited|India|58.56%|58.56%| |
|CEAT Specialty Tyres Limited|India|100%|100%| |

#### Joint Ventures:

|Name of the joint ventures|Country of incorporation|2015-16 % of holding|2014-15 % of holding|
|---|---|---|---|
|CEAT-Kelani Holdings Company (Pvt.) Limited (CKHL)|Sri Lanka|50%|50%|
|Associated CEAT(Pvt.) Limited (ACPL)|Sri Lanka|50%|50%|
|CEAT-Kelani International Tyres (Pvt.) Limited (CKITL)|Sri Lanka|50%|50%|
|CEAT Kelani Radials Limited (CKRL)|Sri Lanka|50%|50%|
|Asian Tyres (Pvt) Ltd (ATPL)|Sri Lanka|50%|50%|