# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

C) Tangible fixed assets and Intangible assets

h) Tangible assets not ready for the intended use

i) Tangible assets on the date of Balance Sheet are disclosed as "Capital work-in-progress".

j) The Company identifies and determines cost of asset significant to the total cost of the asset having useful life that is materially different from that of the remaining life.

ii) Intangible assets

Intangible assets are stated at cost of acquisition or construction, less accumulated amortization and impairment, if any.

Following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

D) Borrowing cost

Borrowing cost includes interest, fees and amortization of other ancillary costs incurred in connection with the arrangement of borrowings.

Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of or construction of qualifying assets are capitalized as part of the cost of such assets.

All other borrowing costs are recognized in the Statement of Profit & Loss.

E) Depreciation

i) Tangible assets

Leasehold land – amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease ranging from 95 years – 99 years.

Depreciation on fixed assets is calculated on the straight line basis using the rates arrived at based on the useful lives estimated by the management.

The Company has used the following rates to provide depreciation on its fixed assets. The identified components are depreciated over their useful lives, the remaining asset is depreciated over the life of the principal asset.