# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

Enabling a Safe & Smart Workplace

Making our workplaces safe and smart is a key priority of the organisation. This is ensured through extensive processes and systems which are validated by the certifications awarded by reputed safety accreditation agencies. Digitisation of the workplace systems and interactions with various stakeholders is another aspect which highlights our smart business approach and leads to improved efficiencies at work.

## BSC 5-star rating for Halol plant

Endorsing our commitment towards occupational safety, our Halol plant has been awarded a five-star rating by the prestigious British Safety Council (BSC). It is the highest grading in Occupational Health & Safety (OH&S) Management System Audits and CEAT Halol is the first tyre manufacturing plant in India to receive this accreditation.

## Paperless Board Meetings

The adoption of a new digital application has enabled the Company to conduct 'Paperless Board Meetings', thereby improving governance while simplifying the process of conducting such meetings. This smart way involves conducting the meetings digitally and efficaciously, with the Board of Directors being able to access information, directly on their digital devices.

## Mobile App for Customers - Dealer Portal

The CEAT Mobile app was launched to provide customers all relevant information on our product range, to give them tyre service reminders and locate CEAT authorised dealers, so as to make it convenient for them to choose, maintain and replace their tyres. This app also provides value-added information pertaining to the nearest utility services like ATMs, petrol pumps etc.