# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

The group bases its impairment calculations of detailed budgets and forecast calculations which are prepared separately for each of the Company’s cash-generating units to which the individual assets are allocated. These budgets and forecast calculations are generally covering a period of 5 years. For longer period, a long term growth rate is calculated and applied to project future cash flows after the 5th year.

Impairment losses for continuing operations, including impairment on inventories, are recognised on the Statement of Profit and Loss, except for the previously revalued tangible fixed asset, where the revaluation was taken to revaluation reserve. In this case, the impairment is recognised in revaluation reserve up to the amount of any previous revaluation.

An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the group estimates the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s recoverable amount. A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized.

## Investments

Investments, which are readily realizable and intended to be held for not more than one year from the date on which such investments are made, are classified as current investments. All other investments are classified as long-term investments.