# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

v) Translation of integral and non-integral straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated foreign operation The Company classifies all its foreign operations as either “integral foreign operations” or “non-integral foreign operations.”

The financial statements of an integral foreign operation are translated as if the transactions of the foreign operation have been those of the Company itself.

The assets and liabilities of a non-integral foreign operation are translated into the reporting currency at the exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date. Their Statement of Profit and Loss are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the dates of transactions or weighted average weekly rates, where such rates approximate the exchange rate at the date of transaction. The exchange differences arising on translation are accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve. On disposal of a non-integral foreign operation, the accumulated foreign currency translation reserve relating to that foreign operation is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

When there is a change in the classification of a foreign operation, the translation procedures applicable to the revised classification are applied from the date of the change in the classification.

L) Leases

Where the Company is lessee Finance leases, which effectively transfer to the Company substantially all the risks and benefits incidental to ownership of the leased item, are capitalized at the inception of the lease term at the lower of the fair value of the leased property and present value of minimum lease payments. Lease payments are apportioned between the finance charges and reduction of the lease liability so as to achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance charges are recognized as finance costs in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Lease management fees, legal charges and other initial direct costs of lease are capitalized.

A leased asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset. However, if there is no reasonable certainty that the Company will obtain the ownership by the end of the lease term, the capitalized asset is depreciated on a basis over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term whichever is earlier.

M) Research and Development

Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development expenditure incurred on individual projects is recognized as an intangible asset when the Company can demonstrate all the following:-

- The technical feasibility of completing the intangible assets so that it will be available for use or sale.
- Its intention to complete the asset.
- Its ability to use or sell the asset.
- How the asset will generate the future economic benefits.
- The availability of adequate resources to complete the development and to use or sell the asset.
- The ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during development.

N) Employee Benefits

i) Defined Contribution plan Retirement benefits in the form of provident fund, Superannuation, Employees State Insurance Contribution and Labour Welfare Fund are defined contribution schemes. The Company has no obligation, other than the contribution payable to these funds / schemes. The Company recognizes contribution payable to these funds / schemes as expenditure, when an employee renders the related service. If the contribution payable to these funds / schemes for service received before the Balance Sheet date exceeds the contribution already paid, the deficit payable to the funds / schemes are recognized as a liability after deducting the contribution already paid. If the contribution already paid exceeds the contribution due for services received before the Balance Sheet date, then excess is recognized as an asset to the extent that the prepayment will lead to, for example, a reduction in future payment or a cash refund.