# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2016

1) Commitment attributable to the hedged risk is recognized as an asset or liability with a corresponding gain or loss recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

2) Cash flow hedges: The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognized directly under shareholders fund in the hedging reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss. The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts as hedges of its exposure to foreign currency risk in forecasted transactions and firm commitments. The ineffective portion relating to foreign currency contracts is recognized immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Amounts recognized in the hedging reserve are transferred to the Statement of Profit and Loss when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss.

3) Other Derivatives: Derivative financial instruments which are not designated as cash flow hedge have been measured at fair value as per AS-30, and the loss / (gain) on the same is charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss.

4) Provision for Warranty: The estimated liability for warranty is recorded when products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information on the nature, frequency and average cost of obligations and management estimates regarding possible future incidence based on corrective actions on product failure. The timing of outflows will vary as and when the obligation will arise, being typically up to three years.

5) Segment reporting: The Group’s operations comprise of only one business segment “Automotive Tyres, Tubes & Flaps” as its primary segment. The analysis of geographical segments is based on the areas in which the Group operates. The accounting policies adopted for segment reporting are in conformity with the accounting policies of the Group.