# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

Corporate Overview

For us, at CEAT, the concept of smart and safe mobility extends beyond the road, to touch the lives of the people in the communities around which we operate, as also the society at large. Our CSR touch-points encompass a range of activities, extending from education to health care, water and sanitation. During the year under review, we scaled up our CSR interventions to cross new milestones of success.

Netranjali Project

Focused on preventive eye care, our Netranjali project reached out to an increased number of school children, truckers, and elderly patients in slum communities during the year. For effective implementation of the program, we partnered with two renowned NGOs, SHARP & Sightsavers. Through the year, we held a series of school and community camps to deliver free eye care, including vision testing, early detection of eye problems, first-line management of eye emergencies, and distribution of free spectacles, through networking with various stakeholders. Our eye care initiatives for truck drivers spanned a range of interventions, including screening for eye defects and refractive errors, dispensation of free spectacles, referrals, and periodic follow-ups. An impact study, conducted during the year, also found that the Netranjali Truckers Programme had a very positive impact on road safety and truckers’ safety.

Going forward, the project will be scaled up further to increase the number of locations, besides adding to the number of vision centers, beneficiaries, and reach.

Snapshot FY 2015-16

- 626 camps held
- 27,679 spectacles given
- 168 no. of vision centers
- 3,641 no. of referrals via hospital partners

SwayaM Project

Working towards women’s empowerment through the promotion of gender equality and social change in the transport and motor driving industry, Swayam impacted a large number of women from the underprivileged sections of society during the year. These women were trained in driving schools to render them employable as taxi and school van drivers, as well as entrepreneurs. The project implementation was further strengthened through collaborations with Motor Education and Training Association (META), iCare Life, and Western India Automobile Association (WIAA).

Going forward, our aim is to augment our existing programs and provide training to women in auto-rickshaw driving, heavy motor vehicle driving, and 8-seater auto-rickshaw driving. We also plan to expand the project into new cities in the eastern parts of India.

Snapshot FY 2015-16

- 61 batches covered
- 1,744 women completed training
- 13 cities covered

Financial Statements