# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

## Note 5 - Long-term borrowings (continued)

Secured long-term borrowings (includes non-current portion and current maturities)

### 1. Non-Convertible Debentures (NCD)

₹ 20,000.00 Lacs (Previous year Nil) allotted on July 31, 2015 on private placement basis are secured by a first pari passu charge over the movable assets (except current assets) and immovable assets of the Company situated at the Nashik Plant. As at March 31, 2016, the NCDs carry an interest at 9.40% and is repayable as follows:

- NCD Series 1: ₹ 1,000 Lacs (5% of the issue amount) repayable on July 31, 2019
- NCD Series 2: ₹ 3,000 Lacs (15% of the issue amount) repayable on July 31, 2020
- NCD Series 3: ₹ 3,000 Lacs (15% of the issue amount) repayable on July 31, 2021
- NCD Series 4: ₹ 3,000 Lacs (15% of the issue amount) repayable on July 31, 2022
- NCD Series 5: ₹ 4,000 Lacs (20% of the issue amount) repayable on July 31, 2023
- NCD Series 6: ₹ 4,000 Lacs (20% of the issue amount) repayable on July 31, 2024
- NCD Series 7: ₹ 2,000 Lacs (10% of the issue amount) repayable on July 31, 2025

### 2. Term Loan from The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (HSBC)

₹ 2,812.50 Lacs (Previous year ₹ 4,062.50 Lacs) is secured by a first pari passu charge over the Company’s immovable assets situated at Bhandup plant. It carries interest at 9.65% as on March 31, 2016 and is repayable in 16 quarterly installments starting September 20, 2014. (The creation of security for immovable properties situated at Bhandup is pending as on March 31, 2016).

### 3. Term Loan from Export Import Bank of India (EXIM)

₹ 7,600.00 Lacs (Previous year Nil) is secured by first pari passu charge over the Company’s movable assets (excluding current assets) and immovable assets situated at the Halol plant and second pari passu charge on the current assets of the Company. (The creation of security for immovable properties situated at Halol is pending as on March 31, 2016). It carries interest at 10.45% p.a. as at March 31, 2016 and is repayable as follows:

|Year|% of loan|Schedule of repayment|
|---|---|---|
|2018-19|5%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|
|2019-20|10%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|
|2020-21|15%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|
|2021-22|15%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|
|2022-23|15%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|
|2023-24|20%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|
|2024-25|20%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|

### 4. Term Loan from Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

₹ 3,000.00 Lacs (Previous year Nil) is secured by first pari passu charge over the Company’s movable assets (excluding current assets) and immovable assets situated at Halol plant and second pari passu charge over the current assets of the Company. (The creation of security for immovable properties situated at Halol is pending as on March 31, 2016). It carries interest at 10.50% p.a. as at March 31, 2016 and is repayable as follows:

|Year|% of loan|Schedule of repayment|
|---|---|---|
|2018-19|5%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|
|2019-20|10%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|
|2020-21|15%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|
|2021-22|15%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|
|2022-23|15%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|
|2023-24|20%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|
|2024-25|20%|Over 4 equal quarterly installments|

Page 179