# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

### Note 8 - Provisions (continued)

Note:

a) Provision for warranty

A provision is recognized for expected warranty claims on products sold during the last three years, based on past experience of the level of returns and cost of claim. It is expected that a significant portion of these costs will be incurred in the next financial year and within three years from the reporting date. Assumptions used to calculate the provision for warranty were based on current sales levels and current information available about returns based on the three years warranty period for all products sold. The table below gives information about the movement in warranty provision.

**Movement in provision for warranty (Amount in Lacs)**
| |As at 31.03.2016|As at 31.03.2015|
|---|---|---|
|At the beginning of the year|2,501.19|2,053.62|
|Addition during the year|6,621.45|6,235.90|
|Utilized during the year|5,831.77|5,788.33|
|At the end of the year|3,290.87|2,501.19|

b) Movement in provision for indirect tax and tax matters

As at 31.03.2016

(Amount in Lacs)

**Movement in provision for indirect tax and tax matters**
|Particulars|Provision for indirect taxes|Provision for tax matters|
|---|---|---|
|At the beginning of the year|320.00|749.09|
|Addition during the year|360.00|409.35|
|Reversed / paid during the year|300.00|263.40|
|At the end of the year|380.00|895.04|

The Company is party to various lawsuits that are at administrative or judicial level or in their initial stages, involving tax and civil matters. The Company contests all claims in the court / tribunals / appellate authority levels and based on their assessment and that of their legal counsel, records a provision when the risk or loss is considered probable. The outflow is expected on cessation of the respective events.

### Note 9 - Short-term borrowings

(Amount in Lacs)

**Short-term borrowings**
| |As at 31.03.2016|As at 31.03.2015|
|---|---|---|
|Secured| | |
|a) Working capital loan from bank (Refer foot note (b))|75.51|-|
|b) Cash credit facilities from banks (repayable on demand) (Refer foot note (a))|2,796.72|1,330.66|
|c) Export packing credit from banks (Refer foot note (a))|345.70|7,012.59|
|d) Buyer’s credit from banks (Refer foot note (c))|-|16,877.27|
|Unsecured| | |
|a) Term loans from bank (Refer foot note (d))|641.08|1,839.40|
|b) Public deposits (Refer note (e))|-|94.90|
|Total|3,859.01|27,154.82|

Note: Share of Joint Venture Included in above - 505.38 (2016) and 727.34 (2015)

a) Working capital term loan, cash credit facilities from bank, export packing credit from banks, and buyer's credit from banks are part of working capital facilities availed from a consortium of banks as well as outside Consortium. Consortium limits are secured by hypothecation by way of first pari passu charge on all its current assets present and future and by way of second pari passu charge on immovable and all movable properties (excluding current assets) of the Company situated at Bhandup, Nashik, and Halol Plants.