# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

Reaching out intensively to school children across all the Company’s locations, the Company scaled new frontiers of growth under its Pehlay Akshar project – focused on primary education during the year. The project is aimed at enhancing the spoken and reading English skills of children, thereby providing them with equal growth opportunities and enhancing their employability. Under this programme, regular classes are conducted in Government schools during school hours by facilitators hired and trained by the project team. The programme quality is sustained through regular training workshops and international evaluations.

Going forward, besides addition of schools and classes, the programme will this year also reach out to train Government school teachers in learning and implementing state-of-the-art pedagogies to make the classroom and learning exciting for all children in FY 2016-17. Introduction of volunteer programmes is also on the anvil.

Empowerment of youth, particularly women, through skill enhancement is central to these programmes. Vocational and technical training is provided to youth and women from the less privileged sections of the society, thereby empowering them with employment skills and livelihood opportunities.

Going forward, increase in the number of vocational and technical training programmes will be our priority agenda to reach out to women and youth in the coming year. A key focus for the coming year will be providing nursing training to women and youth across the Company’s locations.

Snapshot FY 2015-16:

- 485 women and youth trained in courses like nursing, tailoring, mobile repairing, beauty care and health care in Nashik, Maharashtra
- 110 young girls trained to be health care professionals under Patient Care Assistant Programme in Bhandup, Mumbai, Maharashtra
- 120 women trained in tailoring, handicrafts and embroidery in Halol, Gujarat