# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

Measures (Packaged Commodities), Rules, 1977”. The above clarification has been re-affirmed vide letter dated November 16, 1992 by the Legal Metrology authorities.

The Competition Commission of India (CCI) had, while considering the representation made by All India Tyres Dealers Federation (AITDF) made a prima facie view that the major players of tyre industry (including the Company) had some understanding amongst themselves, especially in the replacement market, as they did not pass the benefit of corresponding reduction in prices of major raw material inputs for the period subsequent to the year 2011-12. According to CCI, this practice is in violation of the Competition Act 2002 (the Act). Therefore, CCI had, vide its order passed on June 24, 2014 under Section 26(1) of the Act, directed the Office of the Director General (DG) to investigate the said alleged violation of the Act. DG submitted its Investigation Report to CCI in December 2015, based on which CCI passed an order on February 18, 2016 directing the said tyre manufacturers to file their suggestions/objections by May 5, 2016. The Company’s decision to change the price is purely a business decision which depends upon many factors like cost of production, brand value perception and profit margin of each product, quality perception of each product in the market, demand and supply situation of each product category and market potential and market shares targets of various product categories etc. In view of the above, Company believes that it has a strong case.

The Board of Directors have declared an interim dividend of `11.50 per share pursuant to which, the total amount to be distributed as dividend is `4,651.76 Lacs (Previous year final dividend of `10 per share, amounting to `4,045.01 Lacs).

Disclosure required under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (the MSMED Act) are given as follows:

|Particulars|31.03.2016|31.03.2015|
|---|---|---|
|Principal amount due to micro and small enterprises|717.14|528.17|
|Interest due on above|11.73|6.87|
|Total|728.87|535.04|

Earnings per Share (EPS):

|Particulars|2015-16|2014-15|
|---|---|---|
|Net Profit for calculation of basic and diluted EPS|44,648.80|31,717.98|
|Weighted average number of equity shares (face value per share `10) in calculating basic and diluted EPS|4,04,50,092|3,74,82,569|
|Basic EPS|110.38|84.62|
|Diluted EPS|110.38|84.62|