# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

## 32. Operating lease

The group has entered into a lease agreement with the leasing Company for vehicles, resulting in a non-cancellable operating lease as defined in AS-19, “Accounting for Leases”. Lease rental on the said lease of ` 117.51 Lacs (Previous year ` 128.68 Lacs) has been charged to Statement of Profit and Loss.

Future minimum lease payments:

| |As at 31.03.2016|As at 31.03.2015|
|---|---|---|
|For a period not later than one year|99.11|88.53|
|For a period later than one year but not later than five years|167.26|81.13|
|For a period later than five years|-|-|

## 33. Post-retirement benefits plan

a) Defined contribution plan

The group has recognised and included in Note no. 23 “Contribution to Provident and other funds” expenses towards the defined contribution plan as under:

|Particulars|2015-16|2014-15|
|---|---|---|
|Contribution to Provident fund (Government)|1,850.19|1,528.56|

b) Defined benefit plan - gratuity

Funded: The Company operates a defined plan of gratuity for its employees under the gratuity plan. Every employee who has completed five years of service gets a gratuity on separation @ 15 days of last drawn salary for each completed year of service. The scheme is funded with an Insurance Company in the form of qualifying Insurance policy.

Unfunded: Associated CEAT Holding Private Limited (ACHL), Sri Lanka operates a defined plan of gratuity for its employees. Under the gratuity plan, every employee who has completed five years of service gets a gratuity on separation @15 days of last drawn salary for each completed year of service. The liability under this Scheme is unfunded and not actuarially valued.

Change in present value of the defined benefit obligation:

| |31.03.2016|31.03.2015|31.03.2016|31.03.2015|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Sr. No.|Particulars|Gratuity (Funded)|Gratuity (Funded)|Gratuity (Unfunded)|Gratuity (Unfunded)|
| |1.|Opening present value of Defined Benefit obligation|8,321.44|6,187.03|414.81|327.78|
|2.|Current Service Cost|470.62|356.34|51.33|43.81|
|3.|Interest Cost|636.39|528.32|42.95|30.86|
|4.|Benefits paid|(695.17)|(656.81)|(10.75)|(19.08)|
|5.|Actuarial (Gain) / Loss on obligation|(174.45)|1,904.56|(12.43)|31.44|
|6.|Net transfer in / (out) (including the effect of any business combinations / divestitures)|-|-|-|-|
|7.|Closing present value of obligation|8,558.83|8,321.44|485.91|414.81|