# CEAT Annual Financial Report 2016

# Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2016

Corporate Overview

|Sr. No.|Related party|2015-16 (in Lacs)|2014-15 (in Lacs)|
|---|---|---|---|
|5|Mr. Manoj Jaiswal|107.57|-|
|6|Mr. H. N. Singh Rajpoot|76.87|72.93|
|7|Mr. Kunal Mundra|-|98.76|

*Represents amount paid during the year

The remuneration to the key managerial personnel does not include the provisions made for gratuity and leave benefit as they are determined on an actuarial basis for the Company as a whole. Managerial remuneration is computed as per the provisions of section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013.

## Segment Reporting

The Company’s operations comprise of only one business segment – Automotive Tyres, Tubes & Flaps as its primary segment in the context of reporting business/geographical segment as required under mandatory accounting standards AS-17, “Segment Reporting”. The accounting policies adopted for segment reporting are in line with the accounting policies of the Company.

The geographical Segments considered for disclosure are in India and outside India. All the manufacturing facilities are located in India. Revenue and receivables are disclosed by location of customers while the other geographical information is disclosed by location of assets.

### Secondary segment – Geographical segment

|Particulars|2015-16 (in Lacs)|2014-15 (in Lacs)|
|---|---|---|
|Revenue by geographical market|5,72,360.50|5,75,925.74|
|Carrying amount of Segment Assets|4,13,812.93|3,82,243.39|
|Additions to Fixed Assets and Intangible Assets|66,904.30|13,361.72|

* Segment revenue includes “Total revenue” less “Interest income and Dividend income” included in “Other income”.