# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

3. Name: _____________________________________________________________________________________________ Address: _____________________________________________________________________________________________ E-mail Id: _____________________________________________________________________________________________ Signature: ______________________________________________________________________________ or failing him/ her as my/our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me/us and on my/our behalf at the 57 th Annual General Meeting of the Company, to be held on Tuesday, August 9, 2016 at 3.00 p.m. at Ravindra Natya Mandir, P. L. Deshpande Maharashtra Kala Academy, Sayani Road, Prabhadevi, Mumbai- 400 025 and at any adjournment thereof in respect of such resolutions as are indicated below:

Resolution No. 1 Adoption of: a. the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2016, together with the Reports of the Board of Directors and the Auditors thereon; and b. the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2016, together with the Report of the Auditors thereon.

Resolution No. 2 Confirmation of the Interim Dividend paid by the Company, as final dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 2016.

Resolution No. 3 Re-appointment of Mr. Arnab Banerjee (DIN: 06559516) as a Director of the Company.

Resolution No. 4 Ratification of the appointment of Statutory Auditors of the Company.

Resolution No. 5 Appointment of Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary (DIN: 00076807) as an Independent Director of the Company.

Resolution No. 6 Ratification of remuneration payable to Messrs N. I. Mehta & Co., Cost Auditors of the Company.

Resolution No. 7 Approval for making offer(s) or invitation(s) to subscribe secured/unsecured, non-convertible debentures/bonds or such other debt securities (“debt securities”) through private placement basis in one or more series/tranches, not exceeding ` 500 Crores (Rupees Five Hundred Crores only).

Signed this ……………….. day of ……………….. 2016 Affix Revenue Signature of the shareholder: _______________________________ Stamp

Signature of Proxy holder(s): ________________________________ Signature across the stamp

Note: This form in order to be effective should be duly completed and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company situated at 463, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai 400 030, not less than 48 hours before the commencement of the Meeting.