# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

## Management Discussion and Analysis

Company Overview: As an organisation committed to long-term value delivery to all its stakeholders, CEAT is continuously engaged in investing in high-growth areas yielding better returns. The passenger segment (comprising passenger cars, utility vehicles and two-wheeler tyres) has emerged as a high growth segment. The key factors behind this growth are GDP growth, growing disposable income, poor public transportation, and lower passenger vehicle penetration in India.

Seeing the huge potential for growth in the passenger segment, the Company repositioned itself to focus more concertedly and consistently in this area about five years ago. This was led by steady investments in brand building, new and innovative product developments, robust Research & Development (R&D) initiatives, and extensive expansion of the distribution network.

Further scaling up its focus on the passenger segment, the Company embarked on large investments in capacity augmentation. A major initiative in this regard included the creation of additional capacity of 120 MT/day primarily for Passenger Vehicle Radial Tyres as Halol Phase II, besides another 120 MT/day capacity addition in a Greenfield plant in Nagpur for 2/3 wheeler tyres.

These initiatives have resulted in the contribution of the passenger segment to the overall revenue pie at CEAT, significantly going up from 15% in FY 2010-11 to 39% in FY 2015-16, with a CAGR of 33%. With increased earnings reported from these segments, CEAT posted a higher growth than the industry over the last 5 years.

### Global Economy

Amid persistent sluggishness in the global economy, the overall sentiment remained weak through the year. While advanced economies reported modest and uneven recovery, growth in the emerging markets and developing economies decelerated sharply. Slowly improving growth prospects and a favorable policy environment helped advanced economies put up a better show than emerging economies.

The global economy continued to push against continuing macro headwinds during the year 2016. Amidst geo-political turbulence in the Middle East and major macroeconomic realignments across large emerging economies, the world output for the year 2015 increased by 3.1%, marginally lower than the 3.4% growth in 2014, according to the World Economic Outlook of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) (April 2016).

In the U.S., the GDP grew at 2.4% in 2015, similar to 2014. However, there are distinct positive signs in the largest economy in the form of improving labor market indicators.