# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

India immensely benefited by the fall in global energy prices. As compared to that at the beginning of FY 2015-16, Indian basket of crude fell a little over 38.0% by the end of the fiscal. This helped India on two fronts. The nation could cut the import bill, which bettered the Current Account position. Deregulation helped slash the subsidies as well. India’s Current Account Deficit (CAD) for FY 2015-16 fell to 1.1% of GDP from 1.8% recorded a year before. Between April 2015 and March 2016, India’s exports fell 15.85% in US$ terms, while India’s imports declined by 15.28% as compared to those in the last fiscal.

In the Union Budget 2016-17, the Government has allocated close to ₹97,000 crores for the road sector under various schemes. Out of the major 70 projects stuck due to legacy problems, as described by the Government, it has revived almost 85% of them. It is estimated that the Government may approve the road construction projects of another 10,000 Kms. It has been trying to revive the Public Private Partnership (PPP) model for the infrastructure development. Although the implementation remains the key, thrust on building more roads and expanding the infrastructure of the country would promote higher growth in days to come. The Government also intends to double the farmers’ income by 2022. It is spending more on irrigation projects and wants to improve the rural incomes. All these efforts, if executed effectively, will help accelerate the industrial growth and in turn lead to overall higher economic growth.

## Global Tyre Industry

Trends in the automobile industry decide the growth trajectory for tyre companies to a large extent. Today, the global automakers are faced with a number of challenges such as rapidly changing macroeconomic conditions, shift in consumer behaviour, growing environmental concerns and unprecedented technological advancements among others. In the fiscal year under review, developed economies witnessed an uptick in the production and sales of vehicles, whereas emerging markets saw decelerating trends.

It is estimated that the world tyre market is likely to reach 2.9 billion units in 2017. This would make the global tyre industry worth US$276 billion. The centre of gravity in world trade has been shifting from mature markets to emerging economies. As a part of this broader trend, many emerging economies are likely to become manufacturing hubs, and the tyre industry is no exception.

Over the past 12 months, a sharp fall in prices of crude oil and natural rubber (NR) resulted in better profitability for tyre makers across the globe.

(Source: Freedonia)

### Financial Ratings

Company’s long-term credit ratings were upgraded from A+ to AA- in FY 2015-16