# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

Chinese tyre market: China is the world’s largest vehicle market. In 2015, China recorded a rise of 6% in Passenger Vehicle (PV) sales, while sales of Commercial Vehicles (CV) dropped 9%. China accounts for one-third of the global tyre industry. In FY 2015-16, the Chinese tyre market faced tough challenges due to overcapacities, anti-dumping probes, and weaker domestic demand.

Market and Product mix based on volumes in tonnage:

North American tyre market: In 2015, improving job market situation, cheaper credit, and lower energy prices boosted consumer confidence in the U.S. The U.S. auto sales had reached the previous peak in the year 2000. The North American region is likely to see higher tyre demand in the future.

European tyre market: Vehicle demand has been high in the European Union with 9.7% growth in auto sales in 2015. The outlook for tyre makers has improved as the demand for automobiles is expected to go up steadily in Europe.

Asia-Pacific: The growth prospects for China and India are likely to drive the tyre demand. However, dumping by Chinese tyre companies in export markets has put pricing under pressure.

Indian Tyre Industry: The Indian tyre industry caters to OEM, replacement, and export markets through four broad vehicle categories: Commercial Vehicles (CV), Passenger Vehicles (PV), Two-Wheelers (TW), and others, including tractors.

Financial Statements:

Source: European Automobile Manufacturers Association, Wards Auto, Freedonia, ATMA, Company Estimates