# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

Within the two-wheeler segment, there was a drop in the growth of motorcycle and scooter tyres demand in FY 2015-16, on account of dip in rural consumption and corresponding reduced growth in the vehicle production.

Over the past seven quarters, tyre imports in India have been growing consistently. Truck Bus Radial (TBR) and two-wheeler tyre segments primarily witnessed a sharp rise in imports in the first nine months of FY 2015-16. Market share of TBR imports moved up to ~35% in the replacement market in FY 2015-16. Imports in the two-wheeler segment remain less worrying for Indian manufacturers, as imports here have a market share of only 4% at present.

China has been the biggest contributor to imports into India. This was on account of three main reasons namely India’s anti-dumping duties on Chinese tyres ended in early 2015, the U.S. imposed anti-dumping duty on Chinese tyres & the devaluation of Yuan made Chinese tyres cheaper. This has resulted into excess supply into Indian and global markets.

For Indian manufacturers, the situation in export markets remained tough in the past 12 months. In value terms, exports fell 12.8% in 9M FY 2015-16. Exports to both mature and emerging markets slid sharply. This drop in exports has been on account of weak global economic conditions, increasing Chinese competition globally, increased radialisation and relative currency depreciation in major importing countries from India.

The demand for CV tyres remained muted in FY 2015-16 because of slower progress on infrastructure projects, weaker than expected revival in private sector capex, and falling discretionary incomes in rural areas.

Tyre demand in the PCR and UVR segments has been consistent in FY 2015-16 and the demand is expected to be robust in FY 2016-17.

As far as the Farm segment tyres are concerned, the demand has been weak over the past couple of years. The year 2016, marked a second consecutive year of weak monsoon, resulting into weakening of the farm sentiments. Modest increase in Minimum Support Prices (MSP) and slow pickup in infrastructure and construction activities continued to impact the demand for the sector.