# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

Established in 1958, CEAT is amongst the leading tyre manufacturers in the country and with safety as the core premise, has been continuously churning out differentiated products across segments. CEAT has a strong global presence spanning across all major continents while the domestic market is serviced through an extensive distribution network. Leading Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) in the country are catered to by the company directly. Manufacturing operations of the company are carried out through a combination of in-house manufacturing facilities and outsourcing units. A state-of-the-art Research & Development (R&D) centre in Halol has enabled the company to come out with smarter products to fulfill the mobility needs of the end consumers.

## Manufacturing Landscape

We drive Mobility, but remain rooted in values. Values are a way of life at CEAT. CAIRO, the acronym used for CEAT’s values, epitomises the Company’s persona and reflects its character. Our values are imbibed in our people across the organisational hierarchy, and we have strong systems and processes in place to strengthen their implementation.

### Challenger

We are innovative and agile, and are constantly working to promote experimentation.

### Aspiration-led

We are purpose-led, with a strong passion for superior performance, and are willing to walk the extra mile in pursuit of our purpose and vision.

### Integrity

We believe in being authentic and transparent to our stakeholders. We honour our commitments and take responsibility for our actions.

### Result-Obsession

We are driven by a strong sense of passion, coupled with high energy, speed and collaboration, as we move systematically towards our goals.

### Openness

We operate cross functionally in an open and boundary-less manner. We are approachable, and involve a larger team to achieve our purpose.

## Operational Facilities

WIP

Key Outsourcing Facilities

Map not to scale