# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

The present Government at the Centre had set a target of building 30 km of roads every day. According to a statement made in April 2016 by the transport minister, the present rate was the construction of 20 km of roads per day, and the aim was to touch the target of 30 km per day in the next few months. Greater connectivity would give a fillip to vehicle demand, resulting in greater demand for tyres in both OEM and replacement markets. Besides, massive road construction and infrastructure building activities will provide a boost to tyre demand from the construction industry.

There has been a hike in basic customs duty from 20% / ₹30 per kg, whichever is lower, to 25% / ₹30 per kg, whichever is lower, effective May 2015, to protect farmers' interest and regulate imports.

In Jan 2016, the Government introduced restrictions on the choice of ports with respect to the import of natural rubber. The import of Natural Rubber of all varieties is now allowed only through the ports of Chennai and Nhava Sheva (Jawaharlal Nehru Port).

Directorate General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) issued a notification in January 2016, whereby the facility for import of natural rubber under advance authorisations issued or revalidated on or after January 21, 2016, was not available till March 31, 2016.

## Opportunities and Threats for the Tyre Industry

Threats:

Chinese tyre manufacturers: Tyre imports from China to India may continue to grow at 10-12% over the next few years. The prevailing trend in the replacement market of low-cost upgradation from TBB (truck-bus bias) to TBR (truck-bus radial) tyres may continue even in the future. Strained exports from China to the U.S. market due to the imposition of anti-dumping duties and the devaluation of the Chinese Yuan could make our Asian neighbour go for more aggressive pricing in the export markets, giving stiffer competition to Indian tyre manufacturers.

Opportunities:

Anti-dumping Duty and Countervailing Duty (CvD) for OTR & Agricultural radial Tyres in US: The preliminary ruling from the US Department of Commerce (USDOC) for the OTR & Agricultural Radial Tyres CVD is out. The Anti-dumping duty case ruling has, meanwhile, been postponed to August. The final impact can be ascertained only post the anti-dumping ruling, which would happen in the second quarter of the next fiscal.