# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

Volatility in Raw Material Prices: As a result of the sharp drop in natural rubber prices, and the resultant cut in production, the supply gap is likely to get wider in FY 2016-17. Lower inventory levels and the import restrictions on natural rubber are likely to pose challenges to domestic tyre manufacturers. Rupee volatility and heavy fluctuations in crude oil prices may exacerbate the situation.

## Industry Outlook

A broad-based economic recovery led by a massive push to infra spends, good monsoon, higher urban discretionary incomes, and a rural income turnaround may provide Indian tyre makers with exciting opportunities in OEM as well as replacement markets. The tyre demand is likely to be higher by 3.5-5.5% in FY 2016-17 and may improve further to 8%-10% in FY 2017-18. China may continue to pose a threat to Indian companies in the domestic TBR market and also in the export markets serviced.

(Source: ICRA Report, March 2016)

## Business Overview

Background: CEAT, the flagship company of RPG group, is one of India’s leading tyre manufacturers, offering best-in-class tyres for two-wheelers, three-wheelers, cars, trucks, buses and OTR (Off-The-Road) vehicles. The Company has manufacturing facilities at Bhandup (Bias tyre), Nashik (Bias & Radial), Halol (Radial) and Nagpur (2/3 Wheeler). CEAT meets close to two-thirds of its procurement through in-house production and secures the rest from various manufacturing partners on conversion cost basis and bought-out basis. The Company operates in Sri Lanka through a 50:50 JV, named CEAT Kelani Holdings. The Company, through its subsidiary has initiated construction of an off-highway tyre plant at Ambernath.