# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

In total, the Company’s manufacturing capacity is more than 1000 MT/day. The Company operates in India through a robust distribution network of 4300+ dealers, 33 regional offices, 400+ CEAT franchisees and 250+ distributors.

The Company’s consolidated sales have grown over the past five years at a CAGR of 10%. The Company has achieved a remarkable turnaround in profitability over the past three years mainly by improving its product mix, lower finance costs and moderate raw material costs. With increasing capacities, robust focus on R&D, new product launches, fast-paced brand investments, growing channel strengths and a stronger balance sheet, the Company is well positioned for a sustained growth trajectory.

As far as the market segmentation is concerned, out of the Company’s total Revenue pie, the replacement market, OEM and exports account for 64%, 23% and 13%, respectively.

## Changing Product Mix

The CEAT brand has always been relevant with a high top of-the-mind recall. The growth strategy for the Company is that we set up at Halol in 2011. The distribution network was pivoted around having great products and enhancing the customer experience during and after the purchase. The Company is present in all categories of tyres, from commercial vehicles to cars to two wheelers. Within these, the passenger segment (comprising passenger cars, utility vehicles and two wheeler tyres) has emerged as a high growth segment. This has been on account of the GDP growth, growing disposable income, poor public transportation and lower passenger vehicle penetration in India. We have therefore decided to enhance our focus towards the passenger segment.

With focus on these categories and safety as the core premise, we continuously churned out technologically superior products, thanks to the contemporary and state-of-the-art R&D Centre.

### Changing Product Mix (%)

The revenues from the segment in the total pie have gone up from 15% in FY 2010-11 to 39% in FY 2015-16. In terms of revenues, the two wheeler segments witnessed phenomenal CAGRs of 32%, respectively, between FY 2010-11 and FY 2015-16 whereas, for passenger cars and utility vehicles put together, grew at a CAGR of 34% for the corresponding period.

The Company’s endeavour is to have a further increase the share of the Passenger Segment. In the Commercial Segment, the focus will continue to be on improving productivity and continuing to grow and develop radial capability. In a step towards further diversification, the Company has initiated the construction of a greenfield manufacturing facility, through its 100% subsidiary, CEAT Specialty Tyres Limited (CSTL), in Ambernath, Maharashtra. CSTL will concentrate on Off Highway Tyres primarily with the focus on exports.

The Company believes it can sustain the benefits of its improved product mix through more intensive efforts put into building brand loyalty, adding more OEM relationships, expanding the distribution network, and maintaining the tempo in new product launches. CEAT’s long-term goals on products, markets, and margins are supported by watertight strategies.