# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

Flawless shareholders. Over the years, the Company’s outsourcing business has grown substantially both in terms of volumes and quality systems. Focus at the outsourcing units continues to be on two and three-wheeler vehicle tyre categories. During the year under review, key OEMs gave their approval to CEAT’s outsourcing locations, which indicates their confidence in the quality of control systems initiated by the Company at the partner locations. The Company is scaling up its operations in line with the category growth.

## Manufacturing

The Company has been working on making its manufacturing units highly efficient and flexible with highly empowered and engaged workforce. To achieve this, the Company uses the Total Quality Management (TQM) approach of thinking, executing, and managing operational excellence. Under this approach, the Company is focused on improving the Quality, Cost, Delivery, Safety, and Morale (QCDSM) in the manufacturing units.

The TQM approach is based on five pillars viz. 5S, Muri reduction, Quality Improvement Projects & Kaizens, Autonomous Maintenance, and Preventive Maintenance. The implementation of these pillars is ensured through rigorous Daily Work Management.

## Capacity Expansion

With CEAT’s growth in the passenger segments, in FY 2014-15, the Company embarked on capacity enhancement at two locations - Nagpur (a greenfield plant) for 2/3 wheeler tyres and Halol (a brownfield expansion, named Halol phase II) for passenger vehicle radial tyres.

In FY 2015-16, the Nagpur plant has commenced production to the extent of 15 MT/day in March 2016, while the Halol phase II, commercial production has reached 39MT/day by March 2016. The full expansion capacities, on 120 MT/day in each of these plants, are expected to be achieved by the first half of FY 2017-18.

## Risk Management

The current economic environment, in combination with the high growth target set by the Company, carries with it an evolving set of risks. CEAT has recognized that these risks need to be managed to protect its customers, employees, shareholders, and other stakeholders.

The Company has a well-defined Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework in place. The primary objective of ERM is to implement a system that augments risk response decisions and reduces surprises. The program involves identification, assessment, and mitigation for strategic, operational, financial, and compliance-related risks at various levels.