# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

Business Risks & Mitigation Strategies

Commodity Price Volatility

This risk is mitigated by the Company through a commodity desk that gathers intelligence on the market and guides procurement. A robust vendor management system is in place to strengthen mutually beneficial long-term relations with suppliers. Meanwhile, the Company continues to explore the possibility of new sourcing partners to widen its supplier base.

Competition

Increased competition from other players in the industry may affect growth potential. Through deep domain knowledge, technology prowess, branding and reach, the Company has created strong differentiators in terms of quality and product offerings. This mitigates the threat posed by this risk to a considerable extent.

Radialisation in Truck & Bus Segment

A faster than expected increase in radialisation in the truck and bus tyre segment may impact margins. To mitigate this risk, the Company is converting its truck and bus bias capacities into non-truck segments that have higher demand. The focus is also on penetrating the overseas markets where acceptability for bias tyres is higher.

Industrial Relations

Increased labour activism across the country may pose a challenge to the Company’s operations. To mitigate this risk, the Company continually engages with the workforce to win their trust and strengthen the labour relations at its manufacturing facilities.

Environment, Occupational Health & Safety

The Company’s vision is to achieve an incident-free work environment and be recognised as a premier health-and safety-oriented organisation. The mission is to achieve sustainable growth by ensuring the security of all employees and physical assets, integrating Environment, Health & Safety best practices into our business model, driving ownership, and implementing systems. The goal is to be the most preferred supplier by adopting Quality-Based Management.

Environment

The Company’s environment protection principle is: Reduce, Reuse and Recycle. Its approach is pollution prevention instead of control. Periodic monitoring and review of consent conditions is its topmost priority. The Company has implemented various projects to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and water consumption reduction projects at all plants.

Occupational Health

The Company’s objective is ‘zero occupational illness cases’ and it has carried out an occupational health risk assessment at all plants. An ergonomic study is carried out and recommendations are implemented. The Company has full-fledged Occupational Health Centres manned by medical staff 24x7.

Safety

The Company’s objective is ‘zero incident’. To achieve this, it has a proactive approach of risk management that includes risk elimination, substitution and control by implementing engineering measures. Safety induction training to new entrants and periodic training to all employees are provided.