# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

CEAT Limited employees, is a continuous activity. The Company has adopted British Safety Council’s (BSC) Five Star Occupational Health & Safety Management System, to benchmark its own systems with that of international organisations. Halol plant was awarded a five star rating from BSC. The Halol, Bhandup and Nashik manufacturing plants are OHSAS 18001 certified. The total number of employees on the rolls of the Company was 5,337 as on March 31, 2016.

The Company has a well placed, proper and adequate Internal Control environment, commensurate with the size, scale and complexity of its operations. This environment inter alia:

- provides assurance on orderly and efficient conduct of operations;
- security of assets;
- prevention and detection of frauds/errors;
- accuracy and completeness of accounting records; and
- timely preparation of reliable financial information.

The Internal Financial Controls in the Company are implemented in the framework of the 3-Tier Control and Monitoring system, as follows:

- First line Management Control: The line managers are directly responsible for ensuring Design and Effective implementation of the Internal Controls framework in the Company. This is achieved by the Line Manager by carrying out their day-to-day operations within the boundaries defined by the Company through its various Policies and Procedures including the following:

CEAT has always made sincere, substantive and sustained efforts towards building an eco-system that promotes the development and advancement of all its employees. The establishment of institutionalised academies in sales and manufacturing functions is a key initiative to improve operational excellence. An online system of performance management ensures transparency and monthly reviews maintain the rigour of achieving goals. People development is valued and employees who are benchmarked as effective leaders in the 360 degree surveys are recognised internally. CEAT is percolating a culture of ‘Coaching’ to create the next generation of leaders from within & fact that some Management Committee Members are certified coaches stands testimony to this. Leadership development is also done by way of involving Key Talent in business critical projects and giving them opportunities to network with internal & external business leaders.

Employee engagement continues to be a priority and an annual survey is conducted to assess the engagement.