# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

## Discussion on the Financial Performance

The consolidated financial statements, the analysis whereof is presented hereunder and in the following pages pursuant to the requirements of Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable accounting standards issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. The management of CEAT Limited accepts the integrity and objectivity of these financial statements as well as the various estimates and judgments used therein. The estimates and judgments relating to the financial statements have been made on a prudent and reasonable basis, in order that the financial statements are reflected in a true and fair manner and also reasonably presents the Company’s state of affairs and profit for the year.

The consolidated financials consist of the operations of CEAT Limited, its two Indian subsidiaries, Rado Tyres Limited and CEAT Specialty Tyres Limited, 50% of the Sri Lankan operations Associate CEAT Holdings Company (Pvt.) Limited (ACHL) and 100% of the operations of its subsidiary in Bangladesh (CEAT AKKHAN Limited). Since the operations of CEAT’s subsidiaries and the Sri Lankan Joint Venture constitute only 3.36% of the consolidated revenues, the analysis does not present any significant details thereof.

### Summary of Profit and Loss Account

|Particulars|FY 2015-16|FY 2014-15|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Total revenue|5,74,398.57|5,77,473.30|(3,074.73)|(0.53)|
|Cost of materials / Finished goods consumed|3,16,892.04|3,53,332.73|(36,440.69)|(10.31)|
|Employee benefit expenses|40,879.94|37,889.26|2,990.68|7.89|
|Other expenses|1,31,411.23|1,15,952.27|15,458.96|13.33|
|EBITDA (before exceptional items)|85,215.36|70,299.04|14,916.32|21.22|
|Other Income|2,986.08|2,259.41|726.67|32.16|
|Finance cost|9,073.90|13,186.49|(4,112.59)|(31.19)|
|Depreciation and amortization|10,750.47|9,342.52|1,407.95|15.07|
|Exceptional items|1,139.99|613.20|526.79|85.91|
|Profit after tax (before attributable to minority interest)|44,466.57|31,392.20|13,074.37|41.65|

### Revenue Analysis

Revenue comprises of the following:

|Particulars|FY 2015-16|FY 2014-15|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Sale of products (Net of excise duty)|5,68,094.57|5,70,476.76|(2,382.19)|(0.42)|
|Royalty|291.15|221.35|69.80|31.53|
|Sale of scrap|1,705.07|1,658.98|46.09|2.78|
|Government grants|1,084.36|1,992.87|(908.51)|(45.59)|
|Others|237.34|863.93|(626.59)|(72.53)|
|Add: Other Income|2,986.08|2,259.41|726.67|32.16|
|Total|5,74,398.57|5,77,473.30|(3,074.73)|(0.53)|

There is a marginal decrease in the sale of product (net of excise duty) by 0.42% in 2015-16 over 2014-15. The increase in volumes by 7% has been offset by the decrease in sales realization due to price cuts. The replacement and OEM segment have contributed positively in the volume growth, whereas export has shown de-growth in volumes. In revenue terms also replacement and OEM segment registered a growth which was offset by de-growth in exports.

### Market Segment-wise Sales Value

|Channels|FY 2015-16|FY 2014-15|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Replacement|3,91,419.69|3,72,930.44|18,489.25|4.96|
|OEM|1,47,116.77|1,37,638.83|9,477.94|6.89|
|Exports|73,566.74|97,805.36|(24,238.62)|(24.78)|
|Total|6,12,103.20|6,08,374.63|(3,728.57)|(0.61)|