# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

## Corporate Overview

The OEM segment showed a good growth over the previous year. There was an increase in sales volume with the existing OEM customers. During the current year, the Company has entered into association with new OEMs like Renault, Nissan, Honda & Royal Enfield. The Company is also associated with Renault Kwid and Mahindra TUV 300 during the current year. These new entries gave impetus to the growth of the revenue in OEM segment to a certain extent. Further, the Export segment displayed de-growth of around 24.78% over the previous year on account of increasing radialization, relatively higher currency depreciation in most of our exporting countries and an increase in sales of Chinese products.

There has been a revision in the royalty agreements with the Joint Venture in Sri Lanka leading to incremental royalty revenue during the year.

### Cost of Materials / Finished Goods Consumed Analysis

Cost of materials / finished goods consumed comprises of the following items:

|Particulars|FY 2015-16|FY 2014-15|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Cost of materials consumed|3,04,105.20|3,36,261.03|(32,155.83)|(9.56)|
|Purchase of stock-in-trade|13,766.07|11,433.10|2,332.97|20.41|
|Changes in Inventory|(979.23)|5,638.60|(6,617.83)|(117.37)|

The raw material prices have further declined during the year. As a result, the cost of material consumed as a percentage of sale of products has declined to 55.78% for the year as compared to 61.94% for the previous year.

### Employee Benefits Expense Analysis

Employee benefits expense comprises of the following:

|Particulars|FY 2015-16|FY 2014-15|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Salaries, wages and bonus|34,542.57|30,515.28|4,027.29|13.20|
|Contribution to provident fund and other funds|1,885.10|1,845.91|39.19|2.12|
|Gratuity expenses|414.31|2,051.24|(1,636.93)|(79.80)|
|Staff welfare expenses|4,037.96|3,476.83|561.13|16.14|

Increase in salaries, wages and bonus by 13.20% is majorly on account of incremental performance bonus given to employees during the year 2015-16. The increase in staff welfare expenses was an outcome of the introduction of new staff welfare policies. The gratuity expenses of the last year showed a surge due to revised higher wages pursuant to long-term wage settlement and a decrease in the applicable discounting rate from 9.00% to 7.85%. However, the discounting rate movement was not significant in 2015-16. The applicable discounting rate has moved from 7.85% to 7.75%. The contribution for gratuity has an inverse relation with the movement in the applicable discounting rate as a lower interest rate requires a higher contribution to provide for comparable future liability.

### Other Expenses Analysis

Other expenses primarily include the following expenses:

|Particulars|FY 2015-16|FY 2014-15|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Conversion charges|36,946.74|29,473.39|7,473.35|25.36|
|Stores and spares|4,503.59|4,470.28|33.31|0.75|
|Power & fuel|16,430.59|17,339.91|(909.32)|(5.24)|
|Freight & delivery charges|26,092.54|23,845.84|2,246.70|9.42|
|Repairs|5,916.00|6,005.00|(89.00)|(1.48)|
|Traveling & conveyance|3,338.35|2,789.05|549.30|19.69|
|Advertisement and sales promotion|11,851.48|10,421.35|1,430.13|13.72|
|Professional & consultancy charges|2,786.92|1,646.64|1,140.28|69.25|
|Rebates & discounts|5,340.51|4,714.27|626.24|13.28|
|Loss on asset sold/discarded|1,061.69|71.34|990.35|1388.21|
|Bank charges|664.02|1,045.32|(381.30)|(36.48)|