# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

Total other expenses as a percentage of sales has gone up to 20.23% in the current year from 17.85% in the previous year. Conversion charges represent the charges paid to various outsourcing vendors working on job work basis i.e. converting the raw materials to various two/three wheeler tyres, etc. The Company has focused on the two/three wheeler segment and hence there was also increase in the volumes produced through the outsourcing partners. Sales of two/ three wheeler has grown by 19.77% in revenue and from 23.32% to 27.76% in a mix of total revenue. Consequently conversion charges have increased by 25.36 % vs previous year.

Power and fuel charges reduction is an outcome of reduction in the furnace oil prices by nearly 50% and Gas prices by nearly 25%. Freight and delivery charges have increased on account of changes in the sales mix and volumes. Over the last few years, there is a strategic focus to increase the product mix in passenger segment like two/ three wheeler, PCR & UVR. These categories require higher storage space and are lower in density, thus requiring excess travel resulting in higher freight charges which is a structural shift in the freight charges. There was also slight change in the diesel prices during the year which impacted the freight charges to some extent. The Company has been consciously focusing on enhancing the brand equity through effective marketing. This is witnessed by the innovative ad campaigns, continued association with IPL, association with cricketers for promoting CEAT logo on to their bats, etc. which resulted in the increased advertisement & marketing expenditure. Professional & consultancy charges showed a steep growth on account of services availed in the strategic space.

Rebates and discounts are mainly on account of incentives given to customers for prompt payments which has shown an upward movement. Loss on sale /discard of assets has displayed a surge over the previous year. This is mainly because of the asset discarded in the process of plant set up for Halol Phase II. Further, the company has the policy to procure and keep in custody insurance spares for major machineries. As these spares can be only used in connection with a particular plant & machinery and its use is expected to be irregular, these spares are eligible for capitalization on procurement. On actual usage of these spares, the value of worn out spares are charged to P&L. The bank charges has shown a drastic decline on account of reduced borrowings in the current year vis-à-vis previous year.

## EBITDA (including other income and before exceptional items) analysis

The EBITDA has gone up by 21.22% for the year, while EBITDA margin as a percentage of total revenue increased to 14.84% in the current year as compared to 12.17% for previous year. The increase in EBITDA is largely on account of lower material cost, improved product mix (higher mix of passenger segment viz. two / three wheeler, passenger car radial, etc) to 39.25% of total revenue as against 33.70% in the previous year and lower raw material cost.

### Finance cost analysis (Note 24, Page 192)

|Particulars|FY 2015-16|FY 2014-15|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Interest|8,334.69|10,895.07|(2,560.38)|(23.50)|
|Other borrowing cost|739.21|2,291.42|(1,552.21)|(67.74)|
|Total|9,073.90|13,186.49|(4,112.59)|(31.19)|

Interest comprises interest on term loans and various forms of working capital loans, primarily dealer deposits, public deposit, buyers’ credit, bill discounting, commercial papers etc. Other borrowing costs mostly comprise currency hedging cost of buyers’ credit and processing fees.

During the year, the average borrowings reduced on account of better profitability and effective use of working capital. The scheduled repayment of old loans coupled with prepayment of some of the high interest bearing loans also reduced the borrowing levels. The Company issued Non-Convertible Debentures on the terms linked with SBI base rate (currently 9.40% p.a. as on March 31, 2016) to refinance these loans bearing higher interest rates. The Company increased the frequency and amount of commercial paper issued during the year as compared to the previous year, being the cheaper source of short term funding. The Company took conscious steps to shift from high cost borrowings to low cost borrowings. The lower interest rates, negotiation of finance charges and improved credit rating of the Company reduced the borrowing cost for the Company on the overall level.

### Depreciation & amortization expenses analysis (Note 25, Page 193)

|Particulars|FY 2015-16|FY 2014-15|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Depreciation & amortization expenses|10,750.47|9,342.52|1,407.95|(23.50)|

Depreciation has increased on account of change in accounting policy to component accounting as well as the major capitalization of Halol and Nagpur projects during the year. Due to component accounting the depreciation of the current year has increased by `523.16 Lacs. The remaining increase is on account of partial capitalization of the Halol Phase II and Nagpur projects during the current period.