# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

## Exceptional Items

The exceptional items have shown the increase on account of increase in the employees opting for the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) during the current year as compared to the previous year. During the year 96 employees opted for the VRS, whereas this number was 70 for the previous year.

## Corporate Overview

Profit After Tax (PAT) grew by 41.65% as compared to the previous year mainly due to reduction in the Finance cost & cost of materials consumed as explained above.

The effective tax rate of the Company improved from 33.4% in the previous year to 30.8% in the current year due to investments made in different projects and research and development expenditure incurred during the year.

## Balance Sheet

Share capital as at 31.03.2016 and 31.03.2015:

|Particulars|31.03.2016|31.03.2015|
|---|---|---|
|Issued|4,045.01|4,045.01|
|Subscribed and paid-up|4,045.01|4,045.01|

## Strategic Review

There is no movement in the share capital during the current year. Issued capital includes 688 shares, which were offered on rights basis, kept in abeyance due to title disputes and pending in courts.

## Reserves and Surplus

|Particulars|31.03.2016|31.03.2015|
|---|---|---|
|Capital reserve|1,176.87|1,176.87|
|Capital redemption reserve|390.00|390.00|
|Securities premium reserve|56,702.93|56,702.93|
|Debenture redemption reserve|1,667.00|0.00|
|Revaluation reserve|901.19|901.19|
|Cash flow hedge reserve|5.95|59.89|
|Foreign currency translation reserve|528.46|1,002.15|
|General reserve|19,578.17|20,164.89|
|Surplus in the statement of profit and loss|1,21,457.27|83,782.56|
|Total|2,02,407.84|1,64,180.48|

## Statutory Reports

Capital reserve comprises of Government Subsidies amounting to `65.00 Lacs received during FY 1982-83, FY 1996-97 and FY 1997-98, surplus arising out of the amalgamation of Deccan Fibre Glass Limited with the Company amounting to `218.87 Lacs during FY 1982-83, forfeiture of shares and convertible warrants amounting to `607.74 Lacs during FY 2007-08 and FY 2011-12, receipt of shares from Rado Tyres Limited pursuant to BIFR order amounting to `300.00 Lacs during FY 2013-14 and miscellaneous balance sheet adjustments amounting to `(14.74) Lacs during FY 2005-06.

Capital redemption reserve represents amount transferred from profit and loss account on redemption of preference shares during FY 1998-99.

The opening balance of securities premium reserve pertains to premium (net of issue expenses) on conversion of partly convertible debentures during FY 1987-88 and FY 1990-91 to FY 1994-95, issue of shares during FY 2005-06 on rights basis, and conversion of share warrants during FY 2013-14.

Further during FY 2014-15, 44,94,382 equity shares of `10 each at a premium of `880/- per equity share aggregating to `39,999.99 Lacs were issued under Qualified Institutional Placements (QIP). Out of the total proceeds, the company spent `655.93 Lacs (net of tax) towards issue expenses.