# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

Debenture redemption reserve Debenture redemption reserve (DRR) is required to be created in accordance with section 71 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Share capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014 equivalent to 25% of the value of the debentures issued. As per the rules, the Company needs to create Debenture Redemption Reserve for ₹ 5,000 Lacs, before the maturity of the first tranche of debentures commencing from FY 2019-20. For the year under review, the Company has created a DRR to the extent of ₹ 1,667 Lacs.

Revaluation reserve The revaluation reserve represents the revaluation amount over the book value of the freehold land and plant & machinery of Sri Lanka joint venture during 2011-12.

Cash flow hedge reserve It represents mark-to-market valuation of effective hedges as required by AS 30. The significant movement under this head pertains to lower foreign currency exposure and volatility of Rupee vs US Dollar.

Foreign currency translation reserve It represents aggregate exchange difference arising on consolidation of our foreign subsidiaries. For the purpose of consolidation, the balance sheet items are translated at closing exchange rate as at the balance sheet date and revenue items are translated at average exchange rate prevailing during the year, where such rates approximate the exchange rate as at the date of transaction, including the difference of rupee and subsidiaries / joint ventures reporting currency is accumulated to foreign currency translation reserve.

General reserve The opening balance of general reserve mostly represents the amounts transferred on dividend declaration pursuant to Section 205(2A) of the Companies Act, 1956. The reduction in the general reserve for the year represents the charge to general reserve owing to the transitional provision of component accounting for the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries.

The company adopted the approach of component accounting prescribed under Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013 from April 1, 2015. Pursuant to the adoption, the assets were broken down into significant components having useful life different from the mother asset. The components for which the useful life has expired as on the transition date i.e. April 1, 2015, the depreciable amount (i.e. net book value as on date less residual value) as on April 1, 2015 is charged to general reserve as per the transitional provision.

Surplus The balance represents the remainder of the net profits or the losses, as the case may be, of various years, including the current year, after declaration of dividends, distributions taxes thereon and transfers to the general reserve, if any. During the current year, interim dividend at ₹ 11.50 per share was declared and paid to the shareholders.

Minority interest The minority interest of ₹ 3,224.56 Lacs represents the aggregate share of the minority shareholders’ net worth in the Company’s two subsidiaries, being ₹ 79.90 Lacs in Rado Tyres Limited for 41.44% shareholding and ₹ 3,144.66 Lacs in CEATAKKHAN Limited for 30% shareholding. The reduction in minority interest is on account of absorption of losses by the subsidiaries during the year and currency fluctuations.

Long-term borrowings (Note 5, Page 178) The detailed composition of long term borrowings together with the security details there fore is furnished in the said Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The highlight for the year was issue of non-convertible debentures (NCD) by the Company for the period of 10 years. The NCD replaced the high cost bearing term loans resulting into the reduction in the overall borrowing cost for the Company. During the year, there was additional borrowing on account of project finance. The debt equity ratio has improved to 0.32 as on March 31, 2016 as compared to 0.46 as on March 31, 2015.

Deferred tax assets / liabilities (Note 6, Page 181) (₹ in Lacs) Particulars 31.03.2016As at 31.03.2015As at Change Change % Deferred tax assets 4,316.85 3,848.71 468.14 12.16 Deferred tax liabilities 19,986.69 16,343.77 3,642.92 22.29 Net 15,669.84 12,495.06 3,174.78 25.41