# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

Other current liabilities (Note 10, Page 183) (₹ in Lacs)

|Particulars|As at 31.03.2016|As at 31.03.2015|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Current maturities of long-term borrowing|4,184.83|14,905.96|(10,721.13)|(71.93)|
|Interest accrued but not due on borrowings|263.41|735.22|(471.81)|(64.17)|
|Unclaimed dividends|215.79|110.11|105.68|95.98|
|Unclaimed interest & matured deposits|311.99|400.21|(88.22)|(22.04)|
|Other payables: Payable to capital vendors|4,646.23|1,258.08|3,388.15|269.31|
|Deposits from dealers & others|31,601.55|30,618.43|983.12|3.21|
|Statutory dues|6,296.94|5,985.75|311.19|5.20|
|Advance received from customers|1,097.93|936.67|161.26|17.22|
|Premium on forward contracts|135.23|401.12|(265.89)|(66.29)|
|Total|48,753.90|55,351.55|(6,597.65)|(11.92)|

'Current maturities of long-term borrowing' are installments payable to the lenders of long-term loans till March 31, 2017. The scheduled repayment of old loans coupled with prepayment of some of the high cost bearing loans also reduced the corresponding current maturities of long-term borrowings.

'Interest accrued but not due on borrowings' consists of interest on public deposit, term loans, Income tax, bill discounting, buyers’ credit and micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs). The reduction in the amount in the current year vis-à-vis previous year has been majorly due to scheduled redemption of public deposits.

'Payables to capital vendors' represents the amounts payable for procurement of capital goods. The increase in the amounts is on account of capital expenditure for Halol Phase II and Nagpur project.

'Deposits from dealers & others' are interest-bearing security deposits received from tyre dealers and C&F Agents. These deposits are also used to determine the credit limit of dealers. Interest on these deposits is payable quarterly.

'Statutory dues' represent taxes accrued but not due and primarily includes dues payable for value added tax, excise duty, custom duty tax deductible at source, provident fund, professional tax, local body tax, etc.

'Premium on forward contracts' is premium accrued but not due on the unexpired forward contracts for hedging all buyers’ credit liabilities, all suppliers’ credit liabilities and partially foreign currency exposure on account of purchase orders for import of raw material and capital goods. During the year, exposure to high cost bearing short-term buyer’s credit was reduced exhibiting reduction in premium on forward contract.

Short-term provisions (Note 8, Page 181) (₹ in Lacs)

|Particulars|As at 31.03.2016|As at 31.03.2015|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Provision for compensated absences|332.21|230.49|101.72|44.13|
|Provision for gratuity|217.36|2,054.04|(1,836.68)|(89.42)|
|Provision for proposed dividend|-|4,045.01|(4,045.01)|(100.00)|
|Provision for tax on proposed dividend|-|629.95|(629.95)|(100.00)|
|Provision for income tax (net of advance tax)|3,938.06|1,003.60|2,934.46|292.39|
|Provision For warranty|2,617.27|2,018.71|598.56|29.65|
|Provision for indirect tax|380.00|320.00|60.00|18.75|
|Provision for tax|895.04|749.09|145.95|19.48|
|Provision for mark-to-market losses on derivative contracts|-|46.10|(46.10)|(100.00)|
|Total|8,379.94|11,096.99|(2,717.05)|(24.48)|

'Provision for compensated absences' is the liability for employees unutilized encashable leave, based on actuarial valuation. 'Provision for income tax (net of advance tax)' is unadjusted tax provisions for various years where either assessments or appeals are pending.

Refer Note 8 for explanation of all other items.