# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

## Fixed Assets - Net Block

Amounts in Lacs

|Particulars|31.03.2016 As at|31.03.2015 As at|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Tangible assets|2,03,850.11|1,50,113.44|53,736.67|35.80|
|Intangible assets|5,985.40|5,813.70|171.70|2.95|
|Capital work-in-progress|30,426.13|22,902.43|7,523.70|32.85|
|Total|2,40,261.64|1,78,829.57|61,432.07|34.35|

### Tangible Assets

These mostly include land, buildings, plant and machinery etc. The increase in the tangible assets is mainly due to partial capitalization of Halol phase II and Nagpur project during the current year. The amounts are net of depreciation for the year and amount transferred to General reserve pursuant to change in accounting policy on account of component accounting as required under the Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. During the current year, depreciation was higher by `523.16 Lacs on account of component accounting.

During the current year, `4,389.16 Lacs was also reduced from the gross block on account of the disposal of various assets. The disposal was also on account of utilization of various capital spares used in plant and machinery. For complete details, please refer to the Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

### Intangible Assets

Intangible assets consist of software, brand acquisitions and technical knowhow.

### Capital Work in Progress

Capital work in progress mostly includes the project capital expenditure of phase II of the radial tyre factory under construction in Halol, Gujarat, India, Nagpur project of the Company, Bangladesh subsidiary’s bias tyre factory and Ambernath factory of Company’s subsidiary CEAT Specialty Tyres Limited.

The increase during the year pertains to Halol Phase II tyre project, Nagpur project and the factory under construction for the Company’s subsidiary CEAT Specialty Tyres Limited.

### Goodwill on Consolidation

The goodwill on consolidation of `2,049.95 Lacs represents the excess of the acquisition cost over the book value of the assets of the Company’s three subsidiaries / joint venture, being `2,278.52 Lacs in Sri Lanka Joint Venture (FY 2009-10), `93.51 Lacs in Rado Tyres Limited (FY 2013-14) and `0.92 Lacs in CEAT Specialty Limited (FY 2014-15), as reduced by capital reserve of `323.00 Lacs arising on the consolidation of the Company’s Bangladesh subsidiary, CEAT AKKHAN Limited.

The capital reserve arose on the second tranche of equity investment in CEAT AKKHAN Limited by the Company thereby reducing its stake to 70% while the balance 30% was subscribed by JV partner A.K.Khan and Company Limited. The exchange fluctuation as on the said second tranche of equity infusion, followed by accumulated losses resulted in the capital reserve. Prior to this, CEAT Limited had 100% stake in CEAT AKKHAN Limited.

During the year, the goodwill and capital reserve on consolidation has been restated at the exchange rates as on March 31, 2016 for the Srilanka Joint venture and Bangladesh subsidiary. The movement is on account of the foreign exchange fluctuations.

### Non-Current Investments

The composition of non-current investments is furnished in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

### Non-Current Assets: Long-term Loans and Advances

Amounts in Lacs

|Particulars|31.03.2016 As at|31.03.2015 As at|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Capital advances|4,341.57|4,515.17|(173.60)|(3.84)|
|Security deposits|703.37|1,222.80|(519.43)|(42.48)|
|Advance payment of tax (net of provision)|7,384.51|2,569.45|4,815.06|187.40|
|Total|12,429.45|8,307.42|4,122.03|49.62|

Security deposits primarily comprise deposits given to various statutory / government authorities and rental deposits. The reduction is majorly on account of replacement of security deposit by bank guarantee.

Increase in advance payment of tax is on account of higher profitability.