# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

## Short-term Loans and Advances

(Amounts in Lacs)

|Particulars|31.03.2016|31.03.2015|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Security Deposits|49.67|152.72|(103.05)|(67.48)|
|Advance Receivable in Cash or Kind|3,940.50|2,082.42|1,858.08|89.23|
|Balance with Statutory/Government Authorities|9,902.15|5,467.14|4,435.01|81.12|
|Advance Income-Tax|0.97|-|0.97|100.00|
|Prepaid Expenses|882.49|541.11|341.38|63.09|

Security deposits represent the current portion of the earnest money deposits kept with various government bodies.

Advances receivable in cash or kind or for value to be received majorly include advances to material vendors, export benefits receivable, prepaid expenses, rent deposits, etc. The increase is majorly on account of the increase in the export benefit receivable as of March 31, 2016.

Balance with statutory/government authorities mostly include octroi refunds, cenvat receivable, service tax receivable, advance customs duty, etc. The increase is mainly on account of cenvat receivable on the capex incurred for Halol Phase II project as well as Nagpur project. As per the Cenvat Credit Rules 2004, the cenvat credit on capital goods is restricted to 50% in the first year.

Prepaid expenses are unamortized expenses towards various license fees, finance charges, insurance charges, and other expenses in the normal course of business. The increase is on account of prepaid insurance expenses since the renewal of insurance policies was aligned at the year-end to have uniformity in the period of all the insurance policies.

## Other Current Assets

(Amounts in Lacs)

|Particulars|31.03.2016|31.03.2015|Change|Change %|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Interest Receivable|158.97|194.70|(35.73)|(18.35)|
|Recoverable Against Fire Loss|470.00|442.29|27.71|6.27|
|Revaluation of Hedging Instrument|160.11|899.99|(739.88)|(82.21)|
|Other Receivable|128.32|113.50|14.82|13.06|

Interest receivable primarily includes interest earned on margin money deposited.

The amount recoverable against fire loss relates to the estimated insurance claim towards accidental fire to the machinery imported for Halol Phase II. The claim is lodged with the New India Assurance and is considered good and recoverable from the insurance company. Whereas the previous year's claim receivable was due to the incidence of fire in raw material stores of our Bhandup plant in FY 2013-14. The same got settled during the current year.

Revaluation of hedging instrument signifies mark-to-market short-term valuation of the hedging instruments as of March 31, 2016. The short-term buyer’s credit was nil as of March 31, 2016, and the ECB loan from ICICI Bank, among the foreign currency loan, was prepaid during the current year. Hence there was a corresponding reduction in revaluation gain on the hedging instruments.