# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

CEAT is a leading exporter amongst Indian tyre companies. We are firmly entrenched across all major continents, which are geographically clubbed into 7 clusters. Traditionally, our exports have been primarily focused on truck tyres, bus tyres, off-highway tyres and commencement of off-highway tyres’ production from upcoming Ambernath facility.

We have recently launched our passenger car radial tyres for the European market, starting with Italy. With this launch, CEAT returned to Italy after a long duration. CEAT’s presence in Europe and US markets would get a further positive boost post.

Key Export Clusters:

- US cluster
- Europe cluster
- West Africa cluster
- East Africa cluster
- Middle East cluster
- LATAM cluster
- ASEAN cluster

CEAT’s state-of-the-art Research & Development (R&D) facility in Halol is primarily focused on the development of innovative products and alternative materials. We also partner with global institutes of repute which helps us in our journey of continuous product and process innovations. In the year gone by, the R&D team introduced 70 new products, with the passenger segment, comprising passenger cars, utility vehicles and two-wheelers, being the largest contributor.

R&D focus on Smart innovation:

- Construction
- Compound formulation
- Tread pattern design

One of the key products launched in FY 2015-16 was the motorcycle radial tyre, which is unique in terms of construction, compound formulation, and tread pattern design. This tyre has been optimized for high performance sports motorcycles and multiple terrains of India. Another key development was the advanced range of car radial tyres, meeting the demanding requirements of European markets.