# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") and rules made thereunder and Article of Association of the Company, Mr. Arnab Banerjee retires by rotation and being eligible offers himself for re-appointment. Further, pursuant to Sections 149 and 152 of the Act, Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary is being appointed as an Independent Director for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years from August 9, 2016, being the date of fifty-seventh Annual General Meeting of the Company. A brief resume of Mr. Arnab Banerjee and Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary along with nature of their expertise is given in the Corporate Governance Report. Neither Mr. Arnab Banerjee nor Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary, and their respective relatives are related to any member of the Board of Directors or to any Key Managerial Personnel.

The Register of Members and the Share Transfer Books of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, August 2, 2016 to Tuesday, August 9, 2016 (both days inclusive).

## Important notice for Members:

For convenience of the Members and for proper conduct of the Meeting, the Members are required to deposit the Attendance Slip duly signed at the counter at entry place of the meeting. Members can avail of the nomination facility, under Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013 by filing Form No. SH-13 with the Company. Blank forms will be supplied on request.

## Consolidation of Folios:

The Members holding shares in the same name or in the same order of names, under different folios, are requested to notify the relevant details of the said holdings to TSR Darashaw Limited at 6-10, Haji Moosa Patrawala Industrial Estate, 20, Dr. E. Moses Road, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai - 400 011 for consolidation of their shareholding into a single folio.

## Change in address:

Members are requested to notify immediately any change in their address:

- If the shares are held in physical form to:
- The Company at its Registered Office at: CEAT Limited, 463, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai - 400 030
- The Registrar and Share Transfer Agents of the Company at the following address: TSR Darashaw Limited, 6-10, Haji Moosa Patrawala Industrial Estate, 20, Dr. E. Moses Road, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai - 400 011
- If the shares are held in demat form to: The respective Depository Participants