# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

Members holding shares in physical form are requested to convert their holdings into dematerialized mode to avoid loss of shares, quick credit of dividend and fraudulent transactions.

Green Initiative: Members holding shares in dematerialized form are requested to register their email addresses with their Depository Participant (DP) and Members holding shares in physical form are requested to register their email addresses with the Company at investors@ceat.in or with the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents viz. TSR Darashaw Limited by sending duly signed request.

As per Regulation 40(7) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 submission of a copy of PAN card of the transferor and transferee is mandatory for transfer of shares held in physical form.

The Company, after compliance with the due procedure laid down under erstwhile Clause 5A of the Listing Agreement entered into with the Stock Exchanges, now Regulation 39 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 has transferred the shares covered under the share certificates, which remain unclaimed by Members, to a “Suspense Demat Account” opened with Keynote Capitals Limited, Depository Participant.

Members who have not encashed their dividend warrant(s) so far for FY 2009-10 or for any subsequent financial years, are however requested to make their claims to the office of the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agents, TSR Darashaw Limited.

Electronic copy of the Annual Report for the FY 2015-16 is being sent to all the Members whose email IDs are registered with the Company/Depository Participants(s) for communication purposes unless any Member has requested for a hard copy of the same.

Members may also note that the Notice of the fifty-seventh Annual General Meeting and the Annual Report for FY 2015-16 will also be available on the Company’s website i.e. www.ceat.com under the tab “Investors” for download by the Members.

Further details and documents can be found in the complete CEAT Annual Financial Report.