# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

The Results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website www.ceat.com and on the website of CDSL and communicated to the Stock Exchanges where the shares of the Company are listed. The results shall also be displayed on the Notice Board at the registered office of the Company.

The instructions for Members for voting electronically are as under:

1. The voting period begins at 9.00 a.m. on Saturday, August 6, 2016 and will end at 5.00 p.m. on Monday, August 8, 2016. During this period, Members of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date Tuesday, August 2, 2016 (record date) may cast their vote electronically.
2. The e-voting module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the Member, he/she shall not be allowed to change it subsequently or cast vote again.
3. For Members holding shares in Demat Form and Physical Form:

PAN*: Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders). Members who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository Participant are requested to use the first two letters of their name and the last 8 digits of the demat account/folio number in the PAN field.

Dividend Bank Details OR Date of Birth (DOB): Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in your demat account or in the Company records in order to login. If both the details are not recorded with the depository or Company please enter the number of shares held by you as on the cut-off date in the Dividend Bank details field.

After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab.
Members holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen. However, Members holding shares in demat form will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field.

For more detailed instructions and steps, please refer to the complete Annual Report.

For further information and updates, visit the CEAT website.