# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

Telecom Business of RPG Enterprises from July 1997 to December 2000. Earlier he was employed with Apollo Tyres Limited where he started his career from the junior management position and reached to the position of President and Whole-time Director within a very short time and he was instrumental in turning around of that company. Mr. Chowdhary is one of the few experts of the tyre industry in India.

Mr. Chowdhary was appointed as the Managing Director of the Company on January 18, 2001 and his term as Managing Director ended on April 1, 2012. Mr. Chowdhary who was appointed as an Additional Director of the Company w.e.f. April 1, 2012 was also appointed as the Whole-time Director designated as Chief Management Advisor for a period of one year from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013. On expiry of his term as Whole-time Director, he continued as the Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director w.e.f. April 1, 2013. During FY 2015-16, Mr. Chowdhary has attended 6 (six) meetings of Board of Directors. He holds 3,000 (three thousand) equity shares of the Company and is not related to any Director, Manager or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Other Directorships:

- RPG Enterprises Limited, India
- Philips Carbon black Limited, India
- CEAT Kelani Holdings (Pvt.) Limited, Colombo, Sri Lanka
- Associated CEAT Holdings Co. (Pvt.) Limited, Colombo, Sri Lanka

Mr. Chowdhary is a member of Audit Committee of Phillips Carbon Black Limited. The Nomination & Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company had at its meeting held on April 27, 2016, considered the appointment of Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary as an Independent Director of the Company and also considered the report on his performance evaluation in terms of Policy on Appointment, Training, Evaluation and Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management Personnel, and recommended his appointment as an Independent Director of the Company for a period of 5 (five) years.

The Board of Directors therefore, recommends the resolution at Item No. 5 of the accompanying Notice as an Ordinary Resolution, for appointment of Mr. Chowdhary as an Independent Director of the Company. Further, if appointed, he will hold office as Independent Director for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from the date of fifty-seventh Annual General Meeting i.e. from August 9, 2016.

## Corporate Overview

The terms and conditions for the appointment of Independent Directors are available on the website of the Company.

### Strategic Review

Pursuant to Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, and on recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors has at its meeting held on April 27, 2016, considered and recommended the appointment of Messrs N. I. Mehta & Co., Cost Accountants, to conduct audit of Cost Accounts of the Company for the financial year ending March 31, 2017, at a remuneration of ` 3,00,000/- (Rupees Three Lacs only) and reimbursement of out of pocket expenses at actual plus applicable taxes.

The remuneration so recommended by the Audit Committee has been considered and approved by the Board of Directors and shall be ratified by the Members of the Company at this Annual General Meeting.

#### Statutory Reports

The Board of Directors recommends the resolution at Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice as an Ordinary Resolution for ratification of the remuneration of Cost Auditors.

##### Financial Statements

In case an offer of or invitation to subscribe to non-convertible debentures is made by the Company on a private placement basis, pursuant to Sections 42, 71 read with Rule 14 of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and Rule 18 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, the Company is required to obtain the previous approval of its shareholders by means of a Special Resolution only once in a year for all the offer(s) or invitation(s) for such debentures during that year.

In order to augment long term resources, inter-alia, financing of the ongoing capital expenditure for expansion of capacity, reduction of overall interest and finance cost as well as for general purposes including the restructuring/replacement of high cost debt, the Company intends to offer subscription for secured/unsecured, non-convertible debentures/bonds or such other debt securities, in one or more series/tranches on private placement basis.