# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

On consolidated basis, your Company recorded net revenue from operations of ` 5,71,412.49 Lacs with a negative growth of 0.67% over ` 5,75,213.89 Lacs of the last fiscal. The Company recorded a net profit of ` 44,648.80 Lacs reflecting a growth of 40.77% over net profit of ` 31,717.98 Lacs of the last fiscal.

During the year under review, CEAT continued to be one of the fastest growing tyre Companies in India.

On standalone basis, your Company recorded net revenue from operations of ` 5,49,414.78 with a decrease of 0.85% over ` 5,54,142.02 Lacs of the last fiscal. The Company recorded a net profit of ` 45,252.27 Lacs reflecting a growth of 51.36% over net profit of ` 29,897.39 Lacs of the last fiscal.

## Industry Update

The global economy witnessed another year of sluggish growth. India emerged as the fastest growing economy at 7.6%. The Indian Automobile Industry witnessed moderate growth of 2.6% over the previous fiscal year.

The vehicle segments that drove overall growth in the domestic market include Passenger Segment, Medium and Heavy Commercial Vehicles, and Scooters. Tyre Industry revenues remained muted with negligible growth.

Chinese imports have impacted the Indian market, especially in the Truck Bus Radial segment. The Company is working to improve export volumes amidst global economic challenges.

### Key Milestones

The Company adopted a new purpose "Making Mobility Safer and Smarter, Every day" and finalized its vision and strategy for the next five years. It continued its journey of "Safer, Cleaner and Healthier Workplace" by clearing yearly audits successfully.

The Company won the Gold for Best use of Mobile Media during Drive Safe Dad campaign.

Overall, the Company has shown growth and resilience in a challenging economic environment.