# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

The Commercial Vehicle (CV) segment is expected to clock single digit volume growth in FY 2016-17, with a Y-o-Y volume growth for M&HCVs expected to moderate to 8-10% from almost 30% levels in FY 2015-16. The key driver for the segment’s growth would be in demand for high tonnage vehicles as fleet owners seek to minimise their per ton transportation cost by taking advantage of improved road infrastructure in the country. The focus of Union Budget 2016 on infrastructure improvement is also expected to give a boost to M&HCV segment.

Motorcycles are likely to exhibit annual volume growth of ~3% in FY 2016-17, depending on behavior of the rural consumer. Scooters are however expected to continue to show a decent volume growth backed by urban-centric demand. However, the growth rate is expected to remain at 12% in FY 2016-17.

## Dividend

The Board at its meeting held on March 16, 2016 declared an interim dividend of ` 11.5 per equity share of ` 10.00 each (i.e.115%) for the financial year ended March 31, 2016 and recommends the Members to confirm it as final dividend for the year ended March 31, 2016.

## Transfer to Reserve

Your Directors have proposed not to transfer any sum to the General Reserve.

## Capacity Expansion

The Company had undertaken expansion of capacity at its Halol Plant by 120 MT/day for manufacturing with a capital outlay of ` 650 Crores, which is expected to be fully ramped up by the first quarter of FY 2017-18. The Company had also planned to set up a greenfield project, with an initial capacity of 120 MT/day, to manufacture two-three wheeler tyres in Buti Bori near Nagpur in the State of Maharashtra.

## Future Outlook

The Outlook of FY 2016-17 for the auto and auto ancillary sector is stable, with volume growth expected to improve. The passenger car segment is likely to grow by 8% in FY 2016-17 while the utility vehicle segment is expected to grow by 12%.

### Subsidiary Companies

At the end of the year under review, the Company had the following four subsidiaries namely CEAT Specialty Tyres Limited, Mumbai, Rado Tyres Limited, Cochin, Associated CEAT Holdings Company (Private) Limited, Colombo, Sri Lanka, (ACHL), CEAT AKKhan Limited, Dhaka, Bangladesh (CAL).

## Strategic Review

The Company expects to continue the growth path in the passenger and two-wheeler segments. Additionally, it will also work to increase the share of pie in the expanding passenger radial market. As a result, the Company expects to grow in FY 2016-17, on account of the increased demand, with a short term downward bias in profit margins, due to an increase in raw material prices from the FY 2015-16 levels.

### Material Changes and Commitments

There are no material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of the Company which have occurred between the close of the financial year on March 31, 2016 to which the financial statements relate and the date of this Report.

## Financial Statements

CEAT Specialty Tyres Limited (CSTL), which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is engaged in manufacturing and sale of tyres for off-the-road vehicles/equipment, which find application across industries including ports, construction, mining, and agriculture.

Towards this, it plans to set up a greenfield project with an initial capacity of 40 MT/day, which would subsequently be ramped up to 100 MT/day. CSTL has already initiated the civil work of the said greenfield project. During the year under review, CSTL has commenced trading in Off-Highway tyres and sources these tyres from the Company.

For more information, visit CEAT Investor Relations