# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

CEAT Limited has registered in the year under review, a revenue of ₹10,251.39 Lacs (Previous year ₹0.11 Lacs) and a net loss of ₹1,205.65 Lacs in FY 2015-16 (Previous year ₹30.65 Lacs).

## Consolidated Financial Statements

In accordance with Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 34(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, including the financial details of all the subsidiary companies of the Company, forms part of this Annual Report. The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

## Business Risk Management

Pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 21 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Regulations) Regulations 2015, the Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee. The details of this Committee and its terms of reference are set out in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this Report. The Company has in place a Business Risk Management framework to identify risks and strive to create transparency, minimize adverse impact on the business, and enhance the Company’s competitive advantage.

## Corporate Social Responsibility

The Board of Directors has formed a committee on Corporate Social Responsibility in accordance with Companies Act, 2013. The composition of the same has been given in the Corporate Governance Report. As part of its initiatives under “Corporate Social Responsibility” (CSR) and its vision to drive ‘holistic empowerment’ of the community & the society at large, the Company has undertaken various projects in accordance with its CSR policy.

### Vision/Eye Care (Project-Netranjali)

The Company through the RPG Foundation launched this flagship programme to work towards the cause of preventing avoidable blindness in India. In FY 2015-16, 6,57,880 beneficiaries were covered through eye check-up camps and awareness sessions.

### Women Empowerment (Project-Swayam)

This project is working on Promotion of Gender Equality and Women’s Empowerment by driving powerful social change.