# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

Particulars of Employees: Ms. Punita Lal and Mr. Ranjit V. Pandit are Independent Directors on the Board of the Company whereupon, the composition of the Board of Directors duly meets the criteria stipulated in Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013.

All Independent Directors have given declarations that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down under Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

Fixed Deposits: Your Company is eligible to accept deposits from the public pursuant to Section 76 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014. The Fixed Deposits of `3,415.85 Lacs accepted by the Company pursuant to the said Fixed Deposits Scheme were outstanding as on March 31, 2016.

Key Managerial Personnel: During the year under review, the Company appointed Mr. Manoj K. Jaiswal as Chief Financial Officer in place of Mr. Subba Rao Amarthaluru, who had resigned as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

Inter-Se Relationships Between the Directors: There are no relationships between the Directors inter-se, except Mr. H. V. Goenka, Chairman and Mr. Anant V. Goenka, Managing Director who is the son of Mr. H. V. Goenka, Chairman.

Familiarization Programme for Independent Directors: Pursuant to the Code of Conduct for Independent Directors specified under the Companies Act, 2013 and requirements of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company has framed a familiarization programme for all its Independent Directors to familiarize them on their roles, rights.

Directors: Messrs Vinay Bansal, Atul C. Choksey, S. Doreswamy, Mahesh S. Gupta, Haigreve Khaitan, Kantikumar R. Podar.