# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

and responsibilities in the Company, the nature of been made that are reasonable and prudent so as to give the industry in which the Company operates and a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company its business model. The familiarisation programme in the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2016 and the posted on the website of the Company at the link Statement of Profit and Loss for the said financial year CEAT Financial Report.

## POLICY ON APPOINTMENT, TRAINING, EVALUATION AND REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL

The Board has, on the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee, framed a policy on Appointment (including criteria thereof), Training, Evaluation and Remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel (SMP) and their remuneration, which is enclosed as “Annexure F”.

## EVALUATION OF BOARD, ITS COMMITTEES AND DIRECTORS

For the purpose of evaluation, the Board finalised a questionnaire and engaged a third party to conduct an independent online confidential survey using the said questionnaire. The results of the survey were then deliberated at Board Meeting and evaluation of the Board, its Committees and the Directors were reviewed and follow-up actions suggested.

## MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

During the year, 6 (Six) Board Meetings were convened and held. The details of which are given in the Corporate Governance Report. The intervening gap between the Meetings was within the period prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 17 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

Detailed composition of the mandatory Board Committees viz. Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, Risk Management Committee and non-mandatory committee viz. Finance & Banking Committee and Special Investments/Project Committee, number of meetings held during the year under review and other related details are set out in the Corporate Governance Report which forms a part of this Report.

## DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, your Directors, to the best of their knowledge and belief, make following statements that:

1. The applicable Accounting Standards have been followed in the preparation of the annual accounts along with the proper explanation relating to material departure, if any.
2. Such accounting policies have been selected and applied consistently and such judgements and estimates have been made that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company.

## INTERNAL AUDITORS

The Board has appointed Messrs KPMG as Internal Auditors for the period of 1 (one) year ending on March 31, 2017 under Section 138 of the Companies Act, 2013 and they have completed the internal audit as per the scope defined by the Audit Committee.