# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

## SECRETARIAL AUDITORS

The Company has appointed Messrs Parikh and Associates, Company Secretaries to conduct the Secretarial Audit for the financial year ended March 31, 2016. As required by Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder. The Secretarial Audit Report furnished by Messrs Parikh and Associates is annexed to this report as “Annexure G”.

## COST AUDITORS

The Board of Directors has appointed Messrs N. I. Mehta & Co., Cost Accountants, as Cost Auditors of the Company for FY 2016-17 and recommends ratification of their remuneration by the Members at the ensuing AGM.

## EXPLANATION AND COMMENTS ON AUDITORS AND SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

There is no qualification, disclaimer, reservation or adverse remark made either by the Statutory Auditors in Auditors Report or by the Company Secretary in practice (Secretarial Auditor) in the Secretarial Audit Report. The Statutory Auditors have not reported any instances of fraud to the Central Government and Audit Committee as per the provisions of Section 143 (12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 13 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.

## DISCLOSURE UNDER SEXUAL HARRASEMENT OF WOMEN AT THE WORKPLACE ACT, 2013

In accordance with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at the Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, 4 (four) Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) have been set up to redress complaints. ICC have not received any complaints during the year under review.

## SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS

There are no significant and material orders passed by the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals impacting the going concern status and Company’s operations in future.

## ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Your Directors place on record their appreciation for the continued support and co-operation received from the employees, customers, suppliers, dealers, financial institutions, banks and members towards conducting the business of the Company during the year under review.

## CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS

During the year under review, there was no change in the nature of the business.

## INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL

Details in respect of adequacy on internal financial controls with reference to the Financial Statements are stated in Management Discussion and Analysis which forms part of Annual Report.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

H. V. Goenka

Chairman

Place: Mumbai

Date: April 27, 2016