# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited - Annual Report 2015-16

## ANNEXURE D

### ANNEXURE TO THE BOARD’S REPORT

#### CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO

[Pursuant to Section 134(3)(m) of The Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(3) of The Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]:-

##### A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY

(i) The Company continued to give major emphasis on conservation of energy, and the measures taken during the previous years were continued. The efficiency of energy utilization in each manufacturing unit is monitored at the corporate level every quarter, in order to achieve effective conservation of energy. The significant energy conservation measures during the year were:

- Replacement of reciprocating compressors with screw compressor.
- Installation of new heat recovery unit with SS Tubes for briquette boiler.
- Installation of magnetic induction lamps which are energy efficient and high life.
- Installation of energy efficient motor and gearbox for Banbury mill.
- Installed energy efficient hot water pump and stopped one pump.

(ii) Additional investments / Proposals for reduction of Consumption of energy:

- Replacement of inefficient hot water pumps.
- Separate Cooling towers for 2/3 shift operating machines capacity wise.
- Replacement of mills by energy efficient Cold Feed Extruder.
- Conversion of Filler/Flipper machines.
- Cracker mill conversion to uni-drive for energy conservation.

##### Images and Diagrams:

##### Conclusion:

The efforts towards energy conservation at CEAT Limited are commendable and showcase a commitment to sustainability and efficiency in operations.