# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

As far as tyre performance is concerned, overloadability, retreadability, high mileage and extended mobility are going to be prime areas. Various technologies are being developed to improve tyre performance at nominal cost.

## Expenditure on Research and Development

| |2015-16|2014-15|
|---|---|---|
|Capital|116.14|69.33|
|Recurring|5,106.78|2,085.31|
|Total|5,222.92|2,154.64|

Technology absorption, adaptation, and innovation efforts have been made towards technology absorption, adaptation, and innovation. Partnership and product development with automobile OEMs have helped in taking up emerging challenges in the automobile industry.

### Benefits of the Efforts

a. Product Development: Development of new tread patterns, designs, materials, and formulations to meet specific customer requirements of replacement, OEM, and export markets.

b. Product Improvements: Continuous improvement of product performance through design, material, and formulation modifications. This also resulted in the reduction of carbon footprint contributing to sustainability initiatives.

c. Cost Reduction: New raw material development and alternative and indigenous sources helped in reducing cost. Development of economic formulations keeping performance in mind also yielded cost reduction.

d. Import Substitution: Indigenous development of raw materials, process equipment, machinery, toolings, and accessories resulted in substantial cost reduction and development time.

e. Process Development: In-house new process development and improvement resulted in the introduction of new products, improved consistency, productivity, and energy efficiency.

### Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

| |2015-16|2014-15|
|---|---|---|
|Foreign exchange earned|72,703.69|99,264.29|
|Foreign exchange used|1,57,634.78|1,48,420.81|

On behalf of the Board of Directors

H. V. Goenka
Chairman

Place: Mumbai

Date: April 27, 2016