# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# ANNEXURE E

## PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES PURSUANT TO SECTION 134(3(q) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014

### Corporate Overview

Particulars:

(i) the ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company:

- Mr. H. V. Goenka - 121.42
- Mr. Anant V. Goenka - 68.62
- Mr. Arnab Banerjee - 45.67
- Mr. Hari L. Mundra - 2.37
- Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary - 2.32
- Mr. Mahesh S. Gupta - 2.67
- Mr. S. Doreswamy - 2.16
- Mr. Haigreve Khaitan - 1.42
- Mr. Atul Choksey - 2.06
- Mr. Kantikumar R. Podar - 1.90
- Mr. Vinay Bansal - 2.55
- Ms. Punita Lal - 2.22

(ii) the percentage Increase / (Decrease) in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in the financial year:

- Mr. Anant V. Goenka, MD - (3%)
- Mr. Arnab Banerjee, ED - 3%
- Mr. Manoj K. Jaiswal, CFO - NA*
- Mr. H. N. Singh Rajpoot, CS - 5%

(iii) the percentage Increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year: There has been an increase in the median remuneration of the employees in the financial year by 0.01%.

(iv) the number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company: 5,337 Employees as of March 31, 2016.

### Strategic Review

(v) the explanation on the relationship between average Turnover and net profit of the Company increased by - 0.85% and 51.36% as against the previous year. The average increase in remuneration of all employees was 0.05% for the FY 2015-16.

(vi) comparison of the remuneration of the Key Managerial Personnel against the performance of the Company:

- Total Remuneration of KMP (` in Lacs): 726.20
- Consolidated Revenue (` in Lacs): 5,74,398.57
- Remuneration of KMPs (as % of Revenue): 0.13%
- Consolidated Profit after tax (` in Lacs): 44,466.57
- Remuneration of KMPs (as % PBDT): 0.97%

### Statutory Reports

(vii) variations in the market capitalisation of the Company, price earnings ratio as at the closing date of the current financial year and previous financial year and percentage increase over decrease in the market quotations of the shares of the Company in comparison to the rate at which the Company came out with the last public offer in case of listed companies:

|Particulars|31.3.2015|31.3.2016|% Change|
|---|---|---|---|
|Market capitalisation (` In Lacs)|3,25,481.67|4,38,539.67|34.74%|
|PE Ratio|9.51|9.82|3.26%|

PE Ratio is calculated as follows: BSE share price as on March 31, 2016, Weighted Average EPS (Refer note no. 31 of Consolidated Financial Statements).

### Financial Statements

(viii) average percentile increase / (decrease) already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration:

- Mr. Anant V. Goenka: (3%)
- Mr. Arnab Banerjee: 3%
- The average increase in Remuneration during the year has been (0.83%) other than managerial personnel

Note: NA* indicates Not Available.