# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# Policy on Appointment, Training, Evaluation and Remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Managerial Personnel

Corporate Overview

1. Objective:

a) Ensure Compliance of the applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and the Listing Agreement related to the Appointment, Training, Evaluation and Remuneration of the Directors, Senior Management Personnel, including Key Managerial Personnel.

b) To adopt best practices and achieve good Corporate Governance as well as long term value creation for stakeholders.

2. Constitution of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

The Board has constituted the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) on 8th April, 2014 as per Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”).

3. Definition:

a) “Managing Director (MD)” means a Director who, by virtue of the Articles of the Company or an agreement with the Company or a resolution passed in its general meeting, or by its Board of Directors, is entrusted with substantial powers of management of the affairs of the Company and includes a director occupying the position of managing, by whatever name called.

b) “Whole time director (WTD)” in relation to Company means and includes a director in whole time employment of the Company.

c) “Independent Director (ID)” in relation to Company shall have the same meaning as defined under Section 149(6) of the Act and Clause 49 of the Listing Agreement.

d) “Non Executive director (NED)” in relation to Company means a member of a Company’s Board of Directors who is not in whole-time employment of the Company.

e) “Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)” mean:

i. The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) or the Managing Director(MD) or the Manager;

ii. The Company Secretary;

iii. The Whole- time Director;

iv. The Chief Financial Officer (CFO); and

v. Such other officer as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time.

f) “Senior Management Personnel” (SMP) in relation to Company includes all the employees of the Company at Senior Vice-President Grade and above.

4. Diversity in the Board Of Directors:

Diversity refers to the variety of attributes of diverse nature between people and encompasses acceptance, respect and an understanding that each individual is unique. These differences can include age, gender, ethnicity, physical abilities, marital status, ideologies, background, knowledge and skills.

5. Requirement relating to appointment of Directors:

i. The Company shall appoint only those persons who possess requisite qualifications and experience and positive attributes within overall framework of diversity and are able to provide policy direction to the Company, including directions on good Corporate Governance. Prior experience of being a CEO, MD or a WTD of any company shall be given importance while considering appointment.

ii. Additional requirements for appointment of Audit Strategic Review Committee member:

a) He/she should be financially literate and possess the ability to read and understand basic financial statements i.e. Balance Sheet, Statement of Profit and Loss and Cash Flow Statement.

b) He/she should have accounting or related financial management expertise. A person will be considered to have accounting or related financial management expertise if he/she possesses experience in finance or accounting or requisite professional certification in accounting, or any other comparable experience or background which results in the financial sophistication.

c) He/she is or has been CEO, CFO or other senior officer with financial oversight responsibilities.

iii. Disqualifications:

Any person to be appointed as Director shall not possess the following disqualifications prescribed in Section 164 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013:

a) He/she shall not be less than 21 years of age.

b) He/she shall not be of unsound mind nor stand so declared by a competent court.

c) He/she shall not be an undischarged insolvent.

d) He/she has not applied to be adjudicated as an insolvent and his/her application is pending.

e) He/she has not been convicted of an offence, whether involving moral turpitude or otherwise, and sentenced in respect thereof to imprisonment for not less than six months and a period of five years has not elapsed from the date of expiry of the sentence.

f) A person shall however not be appointed as director of the Company, if he is a director in a Company which has failed to:

Statutory Reports