# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

CEAT Limited is pleased to present its Annual Report for the financial year 2015-16.

## Evaluation of Performance:

The NRC shall carry out the evaluation of performance of every Director as under:

- Before re-appointment of Executive and Non-Executive Directors.
- At the time of recommendation of any remuneration payable to Executive and Non-Executive Directors or changes therein.

## Remuneration to NEDs, KMPs and SMPs:

The remuneration of MD and WTD shall be proposed by the NRC and subsequently approved by the Board of Directors and the shareholders of the Company, whenever required.

The NEDs shall be entitled to receive sitting fees and payment of Commission within overall limits prescribed in the Companies Act, 2013.

Remuneration payable to KMPs shall be recommended by NRC considering evaluation mechanism and guiding principles of remuneration as mentioned in the Policy.

The remuneration paid to the SMPs shall be determined by the MD considering the evaluation mechanism.

The NRC may consider grant of Stock options to KMPs and SMPs pursuant to any Stock Option Plan adopted by the Company.

The IDs shall not be eligible for any Stock Options, pursuant to any Stock Option Plan adopted by the Company.

## Directors and Officer Liability Insurance:

The Company shall provide an insurance cover to NEDs, KMPs and SMPs for indemnifying them against any liability in respect of any negligence, default, misfeasance, breach of duty or breach of trust shall not be treated as a part of remuneration paid to them.