# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report 2016

## Corporate Overview

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by CEAT Limited for the financial year ended 31st March, 2016. The Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the company, the information provided by the company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, the explanations and clarifications given to us and the representations made by the Management, we hereby report that in our opinion, the company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31st March, 2016 generally complied with the statutory provisions.

### Strategic Review

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records made available to us and maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2016 according to the provisions of:

- The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
- The Securities Contract (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
- The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
- Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder;

#### Statutory Reports

We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:

- Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India with respect to board and general meetings.
- The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited read with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

##### Financial Statements

During the period under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, standards etc. mentioned above.

We further report that:

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive.