# CEAT Limited Annual Financial Report

# Corporate Overview

Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.

1. Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on a test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in Secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the Compliance of laws, rules, and regulations and happening of events etc. The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of the procedure on a test basis. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Parikh & Associates
Company Secretaries
Place: Mumbai
Date: April 27, 2016
P. N. Parikh
FCS No. 327 CP No: 1228 Partner

## Strategic Review

### Statutory Reports

### Financial Statements

89