# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

## Corporate Governance Report

The Corporate Governance Report, for Financial Year 2015-16, the Management Committee and Operating Committee, which forms a part of Boards Report, is prepared pursuant which implement the decisions and the strategic policies to SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) of the Board of Directors. Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”). This report is for compliance with the Listing Regulations.

### Company Philosophy

The Company’s philosophy on Corporate Governance mirrors its belief that principles of transparency, fairness and accountability towards the stakeholders are the pillars of a good governance system. The Company believes that the discipline of Corporate Governance pertains to systems, by which companies are directed and controlled, keeping interests of members, while respecting interests of other stakeholders and society at large. It aims to align interests of the Company with its Members and other key stakeholders. Accordingly, this Company’s philosophy extends beyond what is being reported under this Report and it has been the Company’s constant endeavour to attain the highest levels of Corporate Governance.

### Board of Directors

The Board of Directors ensures that the Company runs its business on fair and ethical principles and plays an important role in creation of value for its stakeholders, in terms of the Company’s Corporate Governance and Ethics Policy. All statutory and other significant and material information including information mentioned in Regulation 17(7) read with Part A of Schedule II the Listing Regulations, is placed before the Board of Directors to enable it to discharge its responsibilities of strategic supervision of the Company with due compliance of laws and as trustees of stakeholders. The Managing Director and Executive Director are responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company, subject to the supervision, direction and control of the Board of Directors. The Executive Directors are ably assisted by.

#### Composition

As on March 31, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company consisted of 13 (thirteen) Directors of whom, 2 (two) were ‘Executive’ Directors and 11 (eleven) were ‘Non-Executive’ Directors.

The Chairman, Mr. H. V. Goenka is a Non-Executive Director. Mr. Anant V. Goenka, Managing Director and Mr. Arnab Banerjee, Whole-time Director (designated as the Executive Director- Operations) are the Executive Directors. Mr. H. V. Goenka, Chairman is the father of Mr. Anant V. Goenka, Managing Director of the Company.

The Directors are eminent industrialists/professionals with experience in industry/business/finance/law and bring with them the reputation of independent judgment and experience, which they exercise and also satisfy the criteria of independence. However, the Board of Directors, adopting a more exacting view, has decided to treat only the Directors, as indicated in the para (2) below, as Independent Directors.

#### Board Meetings held during the year and attendance thereat

During the Financial Year ended March 31, 2016, 6 (six) meetings of the Board of Directors were held on May 22, 2015; July 22, 2015; September 7, 2015; October 27, 2015; February 12, 2016 and March 16, 2016. Details of Directors and their attendance in the said Board Meetings and also at the last Annual General Meeting are given below:

|Name|Category|No. of Board Meetings attended during the year|Attendance at last AGM held on August 12, 2015|No. of Directorships in other public limited companies|No. of Committee positions held in other public limited companies|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Mr. H. V. Goenka|Non-Executive|6|Yes|6|-|
|Mr. Anant V. Goenka|Executive|6|Yes|4|-|
|Mr. Arnab Banerjee|Executive|5|Yes|1|-|