# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# CEAT Annual Financial Report

## Corporate Overview

The table below shows the details of the Directors and their attendance at meetings:

|Name|Category|No. of Board Meetings Attended|Attendance at last AGM held on August 12, 2015|No. of Directorships in other public limited companies|No. of Committee positions held in other public limited companies|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary|Non-Executive Non-Independent|6|No|2|1|
|Mr. Mahesh S. Gupta|Non-Executive Independent|6|Yes|5|5|
|Mr. Atul C. Choksey|Non-Executive Independent|5|No|9|1|
|Mr. S. Doreswamy|Non-Executive Independent|4|No|1|2|
|Mr. Haigreve Khaitan|Non-Executive Independent|1|No|9|9|
|Mr. Hari L. Mundra|Non-Executive Non-Independent|5|Yes|4|4|
|Mr. Kantikumar R. Podar|Non-Executive Independent|4|Yes|2|-|
|Mr. Vinay Bansal|Non-Executive Independent|6|Yes|-|-|
|Ms. Punita Lal|Non-Executive Independent|6|No|2|-|
|Mr. Ranjit V. Pandit|Non-Executive Independent|5|No|3|-|

## Strategic Review

Details of the Directors proposed for Appointment/Re-appointment:

1. Mr. Arnab Banerjee:
Mr. Arnab Banerjee, 52 years, is the Executive Director - Operations of the Company w.e.f. May 7, 2013. Mr. Banerjee comes with a vast experience and knowledge of FMCG and Paints sector and has more than 25 years of experience having worked in diverse industries at various locations. Mr. Banerjee completed graduation from Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur in Mechanical Engineering in 1985. Subsequently, he did PGDM from Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta in 1987. Prior to joining CEAT Limited, Mr. Banerjee worked with Berger paints and Marico Limited. At CEAT, Mr. Banerjee spearheads the Sales and Marketing and Manufacturing functions and is responsible for driving revenue in Domestic, Exports and OE market and developing CEAT as the most Premium, Dynamic and Youthful Brand. He also handles integrated supply chain of CEAT.

Mr. Banerjee is neither a Member nor Chairman of any of the committee of any other company.
2. Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary:
Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary, 65 years, holds a Bachelors degree in Physics (Hons.) and has over 36 years of experience in senior management positions in the tyre industry. He has been the Managing Director of CEAT Limited for more than 11 (eleven) years. Prior to joining the Company, he spearheaded the Telecom Business of RPG Enterprises from July 1997 to December 2000. Earlier, he was employed with Apollo Tyres Limited.

## Financial Statements

Financial statements and reports will be available in the complete annual financial report of CEAT.