# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

The Minutes of the Meetings of the Audit Committee are discussed and taken note of by the Board of Directors. As per Regulation 18(1) (d) of the Listing Regulations, the Chairman of the Audit Committee shall be present at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to answer shareholder queries. Mr. Mahesh S. Gupta, the Chairman of the Audit Committee has attended the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 12, 2015 to answer the queries of the shareholders.

## Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC)

The Company through its Board of Directors has constituted Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) in terms of Regulation 19(1) of the Listing Regulations. The terms of reference of NRC include the matters specified under Regulation 19(4) of the Listing Regulations as well as Section 178 of the Act. The Committee comprises of 3 (three) members, Mr. Mahesh S. Gupta; Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary and Mr. S. Doreswamy. Mr. Mahesh S. Gupta is the Chairman of the NRC who is an Independent Director. The committee meets the criteria laid down in Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations. During the financial year ended March 31, 2016, 3 (three) meetings of NRC were held on May 22, 2015; July 03, 2015 and July 22, 2015.

### Attendance at NRC Meetings:

|Name of the Member|No. of Meetings attended|
|---|---|
|Mr. Mahesh S. Gupta|3|
|Mr. S. Doreswamy|1|
|Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary|3|

The terms of reference of NRC, inter-alia, include the following:

- To lay down criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director and recommend to the Board of Directors a policy relating to the remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees.
- To formulate a criteria for evaluation of performance of Independent Directors and the Board of Directors.
- To devise a policy on diversity of the Board of Directors.
- To identify persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in Senior Management in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board of Directors their appointment and removal.
- To decide whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent Director, on the basis of the report of performance evaluation of Independent Directors.

### Training and Evaluation:

Pursuant to provision of the Act, the NRC has carried out the evaluation of performance of every Director as under:

1. Before re-appointment of Executive and Non-Executive Directors (NEDs);
2. At the time of recommendation of remuneration payable to Executive and Non-Executive Directors or changes therein;