# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

The Company has Remuneration policy for Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) and the same has been displayed on the Company’s website www.ceat.com. The business model of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on February 5, 2015.

The said programme has been uploaded on the Company’s website www.ceat.com.

### Directors Remuneration

Details of remunerations paid to the Directors are given in Form MGT-9, Annexure C to the Board’s report.

The remuneration paid to the MD and the WTD was duly recommended by NRC and approved by the Board of Directors. The Members have also accorded their approval to the said remuneration vide a special resolution passed at the Annual General Meetings on August 10, 2012 for Mr. Anant V. Goenka and August 22, 2013 for Mr. Arnab Banerjee.

### Shareholding of Non-Executive Directors

Mr. H. V. Goenka - 1,33,932 Equity Shares

Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary - 3,000 Equity Shares

### Performance Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and Regulation 25(4) of the Listing Regulations, the Board has carried out the annual performance evaluation of its own performance, individual Directors and working of its Committees.

The Company had appointed HR Craft Business Consulting Private Limited (HR Craft) for carrying out the said evaluation process in a transparent manner. The performance of individual Directors including the Chairman of the Board was evaluated on various parameters.

### Familiarization Programme for Independent Directors

The Company has prepared a familiarization programme for its Independent Directors on their roles, rights, and responsibilities in the Company, nature of its industry and the business model of the Company.

The Board has designated Mr. H. N. Singh Rajpoot, Company Secretary, as the “Compliance Officer”.