# CEAT Annual Financial Report

# Risk Management Committee (RMC)

The Board of Directors of the Company, at its Meeting held on February 5, 2015, have constituted the Risk Management Committee (RMC) in compliance with Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations, comprising of Mr. Mahesh S. Gupta; Mr. S. Doreswamy and Mr. Hari L. Mundra as its members. Mr. Mahesh S. Gupta is appointed as Chairman of the Committee. The Board of Directors at its meeting held on July 22, 2014 delegated the function of risk management to the Audit Committee. Further Board of Directors of the Company reconstituted the Risk Management Committee at its meeting held on May 22, 2015 in which Mr. Vinay Bansal was inducted in the said Committee. On constitution of the Risk Management Committee, the Board has delegated the said function to the Risk Management Committee thereby deleting the said function from terms of reference of the Audit Committee.

## Finance & Banking Committee (Non-Mandatory Committee)

The Board of Directors of the Company has constituted this Committee to delegate some of its powers. The Finance & Banking Committee comprises of 3 members, Mr. Anant V. Goenka; Mr. Arnab Banerjee and Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary. Mr. Anant V. Goenka is the Chairman of the Committee. During the financial year ended March 31, 2016, 12 meetings of the Finance Banking Committee were held on various dates.

### Attendance at Finance & Banking Committee Meetings:

|Name of the Member|No. of Meetings attended|
|---|---|
|Mr. Anant V. Goenka|12|
|Mr. Arnab Banerjee|11|
|Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary|4|

#### Scope & Duties of RMC

- To identify and review the actual risks and the control deficiencies in the organization.
- To assist the Board of Directors in defining the risk appetite of the Company.
- Framing of risk management and mitigation plan inter-alia to ensure that risk is not higher than the risk appetite determined by the Board of Directors.
- Implementing the risk management and mitigation plan approved by the Board through periodical reviews.
- Monitor the effectiveness of risk management and mitigation plan.
- Ensure that infrastructure, resources and systems are in place for risk management and mitigation and ensure their adequacy to maintain a satisfactory level of risk management discipline.
- Review the strategies, policies, frameworks, models and procedures for the identification, measurement, reporting and mitigation of risks.

##### Terms of Reference of Finance & Banking Committee

1. To Approve fresh borrowing(s) to be obtained by the Company.
2. To approve the documents such as Loan Agreements, Deed of Hypothecation, Agreements for security creation, and other Deeds, Indemnities, Undertakings, letters, writings and any other document required to be executed on behalf of the Company; for the purposes mentioned at (a) above and also compliance of the terms and conditions so approved by the Committee while approving the borrowings referred to in (a) above.
3. To authorise the Company’s officials to execute the documents mentioned at (b) above.
4. To approve short term investments in the units of Mutual Funds and/or in the fixed deposits of Scheduled Banks up to an aggregate limit of ` 100 Crores. However, the investment in the units of Mutual Fund shall be restricted to short term debt funds only.
5. To authorise the officials of the Company to sign any bills of exchange or hundis that may be required for any temporary borrowing.

&copy; 2023 CEAT. All rights reserved.