# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

# CEAT Limited Annual Report 2015-16

During the financial year ended March 31, 2016, 2 (two) meetings of the CSR Committee were held on May 22, 2015 and February 12, 2016.

## Attendance at Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Meetings:

|Name of the Member|No. of Meetings attended|
|---|---|
|Mr. Anant V. Goenka|2|
|Mr. Hari L. Mundra|2|
|Mr. Vinay Bansal|2|

A brief on the activities undertaken by the Company during the year forms part of the Board’s Report.

### Terms and reference of the Committee of the CSR:

1. To formulate and recommend to the Board the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy (CSR Policy) as specified in Schedule VII of the Act.
2. To recommend to the Board the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities undertaken by the Company as per the CSR Policy within the overall limit specified in Section 135 (5) of the Act.
3. To monitor the CSR Policy of the company from time to time.

#### Special Project / Investment Committee (Non-Mandatory Committee)

The Special Project / Investment Committee comprises of 3 (three) members, Mr. H. V. Goenka; Mr. Anant V. Goenka and Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary. Mr. H. V. Goenka is the Chairman of the Committee. No fees are paid for attending the meetings of the Special Project / Investment Committee.

No meetings of Special Project / Investment Committee were held during the year under review.

##### Terms and reference of the Committee:

1. Evaluate the viability report(s) presented on the overseas projects and approve the same.
2. Decide the location and to approve the initial capacity and cost of project.
3. Approve funding options of the projects, including the option of forming a joint venture.
4. Approve initial investment in the approved overseas project.